Date: 2012-04-15T11:35:48

Minutes Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
=======================================================

April 15, 2012
--------------

In Attendance: [Bill Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/), [Genie
Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Sarah
Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/), [Kathy](/Friends/Kathy) [Ginger
Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) (clerk), [Lisa
Lister](/Friends/LisaLister/), [Joyce Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/),
[Julie Brann](/Friends/JulieBrann/), [Carlton
Gamer](/Friends/CarltonGamer/), [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/),
[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/)

1.  Open Worship in Silence

2.  Approval of March minutes

    March minutes approved with special meeting minutes for next

3.  Financial Reports

    Cash flow report, \$4,782.00 in checking account, balance
    \$7,008.19. Snap-shot picture at this time is that accounts posed to
    purchase. Escrow extra added back in April. At the March,
    \$25,767.00 total funds can be reserved for prudent reserves and
    cash for renovation as discussed.

    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) express a deep gratitude that
    someone beside her is dealing with these reports.

4.  Committee Reports

    a.  [Finance Committee Report](/committees/Finance/2012/04/Minute/)
        Total yearly assessment membership for IMYM is \$40 and not
        \$35, difference is \$80.00 which Lisa will send out. \$7 for
        Colorado Regional and \$40 for IMYM per member.

        Nine Friends are planning to attend IMYM gathering, each adult
        will receive \$100 and \$75 per child for \$825.00 total.

        Mountain Friends Camp, two young friends from the meeting are
        likely to attend the camp. \$1000 shortfall in their current ,
        [Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/) recommends that the
        meeting make this an annual contribution. Also, [Finance
        Committee](/committees/Finance/) recommends that the meeting
        immediately of \$100.

        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) recommends that we respond to
        MFC for immediate contribution sense of meeting with
        recommendations. We'll deal with annual contribution with
        further MFC queries.

        Mortgage payment options, the Meeting wants to have no less than
        \$10,00 available for use as a liquid prudent reserves. We have
        a smaller amount of reserve money in Friends Fiduciary, which is
        not quickly available).

        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) has been in discussion with
        [Brian Murphy](/Friends/BrianMurphy/) about whether it is worth
        the trouble, time, money, and paperwork for utility bill as a
        non-profit. Report accepted with graditute to Sarah, Ann
        recommends that the Meeting

    b.  [Nominating Committee](/committees/Nominating/) The committee
        going about trying to fill positions that are coming up now or
        in the near future. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) notes that
        people on the nominating committee could be one committee.

    c.  [Ministry and Oversight
        Committee](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) Census and
        director put together formal census sent to IMYM yearly monthly,
        IMYM has request certain categories for census.
        [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) is converting directory to
        electronic format. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) hasn't dealt
        with address, some entries may not have telephone, numbers, and
        address for correct information. People correct own information
        or are aware that some information is incorrect for some else.

        The advantage of this , thanks for [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)
        in compiling, [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/), IMYM wants it
        out by end of April.

        Last two months have been very active for the past two months.
        The question about [Tup](/Friends/TupRoberts/) and
        [Dede](/Friends/Dede) memorial , no affirmative request from
        family for the Meeting for formal memorial.
        [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) asks if Meeting would
        have own memorial, inquiry to what is the right thing to do?
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) would like to have a memorial,
        she feels that enough time has past, maybe a Sunday in May or
        June about an event. More relatives are coming in June,
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) and
        [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) will plan this event.

        [Adult Education and Social Action
        Committee](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) entire
        [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) and
        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/). [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)
        research IMYM Adult Education and Social Action, not much
        available on Adult Education but a lot on social action.

        Mission Statement - [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) read proposed
        Mission for [Adult Education and Social Action
        Committee](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) to [Business
        Meeting](/meetings/Business) . Will coordinate with YF
        education. [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) most meeting have a
        standard Peace and Social Concerns with other meetings. Part of
        what this committee takes on much as they of the Peace of Social
        Concerns.

        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) absolute happy with concerns,
        point out that YF's, coming with new website Friends with
        events, will have one place to look. Help with REA.

        [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) excellent, raises "Do you
        engage in Meeting or Corporate Meeting\`, on website to
        establish a link to [Adult Education and Social
        Action](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) committee.

        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) shared from her work on the
        IMYM Peace and Social concern meetings that IMYN acknowledges
        that in smaller meetings, some business is conjoined into a
        smaller committee, [Adult Education and Social
        Action](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) combines what in
        larger meetings would be separate Adult Education and Peace and
        Social Concerns.

        [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) and
        [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) have agreed to serve on the
        [Adult Education and Social Action
        Committee](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/), Meeting
        accepts revised Mission statement.

    d.  [Meeting Home](/committees/MeetingHome/) Committee
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) read the [Meeting Home
        Report](/committees/MeetingHome/2012/04/Minute) with intention
        to meet in new Meeting Home on May 7th.

        Question about where the mail delivered? Slot in building.

        Action items:

        1.  Laying down [Meeting Home](/committees/MeetingHome/)
            committee. Sense of meeting that it is time to lay down this
            meeting with much gradited and agreement.

        2.  Start up new [Meeting House](/committees/MeetingHouse/)
            committee, let this season until next month? How are moving
            forward with renovations and contractor.
            [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) and
            [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) concern about ongoing
            project, in place of [Meeting
            Home](/committees/MeetingHome/) raise up [Meeting
            House](/committees/MeetingHouse/) with old members of the
            [Meeting Home](/committees/MeetingHome/) committee. [Julie
            R.](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/) would love to take up sweat
            equity, [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) take charge of
            contractors. [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) nodded for being
            responsibility.

            [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) asked if the [Finance
            Committee](/committees/Finance/) should take charge of
            fund-rising? [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) really likes
            idea. Given that other members have agreed to be volunteers
            for specific reactions. Pull out fund-rising part where it
            should live and who charge [Finance
            Committee](/committees/Finance/) with what it would take.

            Friendly amendment with four parts, with the group should
            determine clerk with

            -   Maintenance and Renovation -
                [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/)

            -   Ground - [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/)

            -   Sweat Equity - [Julie R.](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/)

            -   Contractors - [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) and
                [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/)

            Group will meet to determine the clerk. Clerk concerned with
            current charge, his partner about there has to be some point
            a process for deciding on design and aesthetics of the new
            Meeting House. [Linda Seger](/Friends/LindaSeger/) may have
            interest and leadership on this matter. Meeting approach
            [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) about leading Meeting and will
            be an unfolding as process. Carlton would be in favor of
            Linda's participation. Carlton doesn't , consulting member,
            [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) a "member-at-large" and
            explore [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/)'s role as "ad hoc"
            member of Meeting House shepherd our process internal and
            external design and appearance of space.

            [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) asks what address she should
            use for the renewal of the ad in Friends Journal and about
            the telephone update. It is due in June and starting
            [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) will change the form to the
            current address.

            [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) asked logistical question
            about how we get from here to new meeting house curious when
            library can be moved? Sweat Equity question and coordinated.
            Wouldn't append until after May.
            [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) contact [Julie
            R.](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/) about physical move from
            Pride center to new Meeting House. There may be things on
            [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) about donation list of other
            Sweat Equity days, a week of April 29th and 30th for work
            days.

            [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) will contact the Pride
            center about moving in May 7th. No bid yet on floors.
            [Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/) if we are able to
            do a full donation for May to Pride Center.
            [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) asked that letter with
            May's payment a formal letter that we are moving in May.
            [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) will also contact them.

            [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) mentioned that the Meeting
            House has a lock-box code and Friends can get inside using
            the code, handing behind screen.
            [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) encouraged to go over for
            possible locations for library and work with
            [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) and look at architect report.

    e.  [Education Committee](/committees/Education/) Committee

        For the May potluck we will be viewing the First Day video the
        Young Friends have been filming the past few months with the
        subject matter of Jesus's Miracles.

    f.  [Adult Education and Social
        Action](/committees/AdultEducationAndAction/) Committee Report

        April 29th and May 13th final session.
        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) working on sessions and events
        for next fall.

    g.  [Library](/committees/Library/) Move of library at next work
        day, [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) will inventory library after
        move.

5.  Old Business

    None.

6.  New Business

    a.  [State of Meeting Report](/meetings/2012/StateOfMeeting/)
        Approval - Forgot theme of Adult Education class series, last
        studying "Quakers in the Bible, Introduction to Quaker
        History"," Quakers in History" was presented. Quaker book group
        read "Wisdom to Know the Difference", reading "EcoMind". Further
        minor changes accepted. 2012 correct date for purchase of
        Meeting House. [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) will make the
        changes to [State of Meeting
        Report](/meetings/2012/StateOfMeeting/).

        [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) will complete this
        report next year, [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) is thanked
        for her efforts.

    b.  IMYM Directory of Adult members and attenders

        If Friends don't want to be included in Directory contact
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) or
        [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) this week.

    c.  Friends Mountain Camp Queries from IMYM

        Queries on the back, six queries. If Friends can be very
        courageous, if this is

        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) read the queries.

        > 1.  Should IMYM
        >
        > 2.  What is the yearly meeting able to do at the present? What
        >     are potential problems and fears IMYM have?
        >
        > 3.  MFC as a separate organization
        >
        > 4.  IMYM MFC..
        >
        > 5.  Do monthly meeting support directly MFC or IMYM? Our
        >     meeting already directly supports MFC.
        >
        > 6.  If MFC part of IMYM..
        >
        > 7.  Meeting came out from IMYM Continuing Committee, improves
        >     Meeting \$10,000 additional
        >
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) IMYM and Joint Services
        committee, make it a regular part of IMYM to have a fund raising
        role, MFC make a permanent standing committee of IMYM with
        Monthly Meeting representation.

        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) we are not in the position to
        take up queries should be part of IMYM, strongly support that
        MFC be a part of IMYM. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) took up

        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) not be cut loose from IMYM so
        important to development of young friends committee. YF can be
        immersed in Quakers life.

        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) would friends support for a fee
        for camp? Yes, with current model of funding with a scholarship
        or other support for YF to attend? Yes.

        It is the sense of Colorado Springs Friends MFC should be
        established as a program of IMYM and under the oversight of a
        standing committee of IMYM, (Appendices B Number 2 option).
        Colorado Springs currently supports MFC directly. Colorado
        Spring Meeting supports MFC charged with a fee with the
        understanding that scholarship or other support of YF who need
        it.

        Do Friends support a yearly \$100 donation to MFC continuing
        forward? [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) approve supporting MFC
        encourage so long as MFC is associated with IMYM. Yes.
        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) doesn't have a lot of faith that
        IMYM will raise assessments to support MFC. We support a modest
        increase in assessment and MFC fees. IMYM raising its assessment
        to support MFC Continuing Committee recommendation of \$10,000.

    d.  Resignation of Clerk

        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)'s family moving this summer.
        The last Business for Meeting in May
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) can attend. We usually suspend
        [Business for Meeting](/meetings/Business) in June and July and
        we can't do it this year. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) ,
        [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) notes deep gratitude to
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) as her service in clerk for
        [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) and as Clerk of our
        meeting. Quakers operate in loving and altruistic suggest to us
        and for us by other Quaker organization. Nominating committee ..
        We have a party in the new meeting house for
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/).
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) has a "holy" desire to serve as
        clerk of a meeting for worship for business in the new meeting
        house.

7.  Announcements

    None

We ended in silence at 1:22 pm.

Respectively submitted in the light,

[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/)

Recording Clerk
