Date: 2017-01-15T11:25:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[AustinHawk]: /Friends/AustinHawk
[BarbCromwell]: /Friends/BarbCromwell
[BrianSojourner]: /Friends/BrianSojourner
[BriannaHawk]: /Friends/BriannaHawk
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[ClaireSheridan]: /Friends/ClaireSheridan
[ConstanceGale]: /Friends/ConstanceGale
[EllenCooney]: /Friends/EllenCooney
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[HollyGrasso]: /Friends/HollyGrasso
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[JudithMcKay]: /Friends/JudithMcKay
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[JuliaRotenValdez]: /Friends/JuliaRotenValdez
[KenMcKay]: /Friends/KenMcKay
[KelseyKennedy]: /Friends/KelseyKennedy
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback
[SherryMacMahon]: /Friends/SherryMacMahon]
[SueLauther]: /Friends/SueLauther
[SueLathrop]: /Friends/SueLathrop


# Meeting for Worship for Business

## January 15, 2017 

The meeting opened with silence followed by reading a query on the
spiritual life of the Meeting. Present were: [Ellen Cooney][EllenCooney], 
[Julia Roten-Valdez][JuliaRotenValdez], [Sue Lathrop][SueLathrop], 
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [Linda Seger][LindaSegar],
[Peter Levar][PeterLeVar], [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], 
[Ann Grant-Martin][AnnGrantMartin], [Brian Sojourner][BrianSojourner], 
[John Robey][JohnRobey], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallback], [Austin Hawk][AustinHawk] 
and [Brianna Hawk][BriannaHawk].


December business meeting minutes were approved

Meeting House Committee: [Ann D.][AnnDaugherty] will investigate requirements to
complete storm water drainage; additional painting will be done on the
front door along with latch and surface repair; additional landscaping
will be done in the spring. [Claire Sheridan][ClaireSheridan] volunteered and the Meeting
approved her inclusion on the Meeting House Committee. Report accepted.

M&O Committee: Two visitors attended the last regular meeting. The
committee discussed and clarified perceived needs of Conscientious
Objectors and how to assist them and considered other organizations and
groups that might offer additional services; the committee recommends
another Soup and Sharing this winter with a suggested topic of "How does
your faith shape your call to action?" Proposed date and time for Soup
and Sharing is Wednesday, April 12 @ 6:30-location to be determined. The
Meeting is reminded to stay mindful of our language both in and out of
Meeting and refrain from assuming that every listener shares liberal
views. Friends are asked to look at the web site and M&O minutes for
information on Quaker study groups as a way to deepen spiritual growth.
Report accepted.

Peace and Social Justice Committee: [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] will be pro tem clerk
of this committee and report after the next meeting.

Finance committee: The Meeting had a healthy balance and good cash flow
in 2016, donations were up and the Meeting had extra cash after
refinancing the mortgage. Total donations were $12,515.54, a net
increase of $3,409. We had no unusual expenses. Annual reports are
online. The Meeting acknowledged and expressed thanks, appreciation and
deepest gratitude to Sarah for her hard work and attention to detail in
our finances and for extending her service on the committee well beyond
her original commitment. Report accepted. Finance committee minutes to
be forwarded after they are completed.

New Business: The clerk will be out of town the third week in February.
The Meeting decided to conduct Meeting for Business on the 4<sup>th</sup> week
and to do clean-up chores on the 3<sup>rd</sup> week. [Peter][PeterLeVar] will serve as back up
clerk closing the Meeting and conducting informal business in the
clerk's absence. The Meeting accepted with gratitude. Meeting news and
sharing information with others may be forwarded in the future on a
Yahoo groups. (more information to follow) The potluck in February will
be on February 5, 2017, the topic to be our role, if any I in
immigration. Five students form will be visiting that First Day as well.

Old Business: [Lisa][LisaLister] submitted our member information to IMYM for us. DVDs
on oral history of Quakerism and our Meeting done by three of our elders
([Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer] and [Bill][BillDurland] and [Genie Durland][GenieDurland]) are on file in the file
cabinet. Changes to the web site and design are in the works.

The meeting closed with silence.

Respectfully submitted,

[Julia Roten-Valdez][JuliaRotenValdez]

Recording Clerk
