Minutes Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
=======================================================

April 15, 2012
--------------

In Attendance: `Bill Durland`_, `Genie Durland`_, `Sarah`_, `Kathy`_ 
`Ginger`_ (clerk), `Lisa`_, `Joyce`_, `Julie B.`_, `Carlton`_, 
`Molly`_, `Jeremy Nelson`_ 

1. Open Worship in Silence

2. Approval of March minutes

   March minutes approved with special meeting minutes for next

3. Financal Reports 

   Cash flow report, $4,782.00 in checking account, balance $7,008.19. Snap-shot
   picture at this time is that accounts posed to purchase. Escrow extra added back 
   in April. At the March, $25,767.00 total funds can be reserved for prudent 
   reserves and cash for renovation as discussed.

   Molly express a deep graditude that someone beside her is dealing with these
   reports. 

4. Committee Reports

   a. `Finance Committee`_ Report
      Total yearly assessment membership for IMYM is $40 and not $35, difference is
      $80.00 which Lisa will send out. $7 for Colorado Regional and $40 for 
      IMYM per member.

      Nine Friends are planning to attend IMYM gathering, each adult will receive $100
      and $75 per child for $825.00 total.

      Mountain Friends Camp, two young friends from the meeting are likely to attend
      the camp. $1000 shortfall in their current , `Finance Committee` recommends
      that the meeting make this an annual contribution. Also, `Finance Committee`
      recommends that the meeting immediately of $100.

      `Ginger`_ recommends that we respond to MFC for immediate contribution sense
      of meeting with recommendations. We'll deal with annual contribution with
      further MFC queries.

      Morgage payment options, the Meeting wants to have no less than $10,00 available
      for use as a liquid prudent reserves. We have a smaller amount of reserve money
      in Friends Fiduciary, which is not quickly available).

      `Sarah`_ has been in discussion with `Brian Murphy`_ about whehter it is worth the
      trouble, time, money, and paperwork for utility bill as a non-profilt. Report
      accepted with graditute to Sarah, Ann 
      recomends that the Meeting   
   
   d. `Nominating`_
      Committee going about trying to fill positions that are coming up now or in the
      near future. `Bill`_ notes that people on the nominating committee could be one
      committee.

   e. `Ministry and Oversight`_
      Census and director put together formal census sent to IMYM yearly monthly, IMYM
      has request certain catagories for census. `Jeremy`_ is converting directory to 
      electronic format. `Bill`_ hasn't dealt with address, some entries may not have
      telephone, numbers, and address for correct information. People correct own 
      information or are aware that some information is incorrect for some else. 

      The advantage of this , thanks for `Bill`_ in compling, `Jeremy`_, IMYM wants it 
      out by end of April.

      Last two months have been very active for the past two months. The question about
      `Tup`_ and `Dede`_ memorial , no affirmative request from family for the Meeting
      for formal memorial. `M&O`_  asks if Meeting would have own memorial, inquiry to 
      what is the right thing to do? `Molly`_ would like to have a memorial, she feels
      that enough time has past, maybe a Sunday in May or June about an event. More 
      relatives are coming in June, `Molly`_ and `Martha`_ will plan.

      `Adult Education and Action Committee`_ entire `M&O`_ and `Genie`_. `Bill`_ 
      research IMYM Adult Education and Social Action, not much available on 
      Adult Education but a lot on social action.    

      Mission Statement - `Bill`_ read proposed Mission for `Adult Education and Action Committee`_
      to `Business Meeting`. Will coordinate with YF eduation. `Genie`_ most meeting have a
      standard Peace and Social Concerns with other meetings. Part of what this committee takes
      on much as they of the `Peace of Social Concerns`. 

      `Molly`_ absolute happy with concerns, point out that YF's, coming with new website Friends
      with events, will have one place to look. Help with REA. 

      `Carlton`_ excellent, raises "Do you engage in Meeting or Corpoate Meeting`, on website
      to establish a link to `Adult Education and Action` committee. 

      Acknowledge that in smaller meetings, some business is conjoined into a smaller committee,
      Adult Education with `Ginger`_ 
      
      `Joyce`_ and `Jeremy`_ have agreed to serve on the `Adult Education and Action Committee`_, 
      Meeting accepts revised Mission statement.
   
   c. `Meeting Home`_ Committee
      `Molly`_ read the `Meeting Home Report`_ with intention to meet in new Meeting Home on 
      May 7th. 

      Question about where the mail delivered? Slot in building.

      Action items:
      
      1. Laying down `Meeting Home` committee. Sense of meeting that it is time to 
         lay down this meeting with much gradited and agreement. 

      2. Start up new `Meeting House`_ committee, let this season until next month? 
         How are moving forward with renovations and contructor. `Ginger`_ and 
         `Sarah`_ concern about ongoing project, in place of `Meeting Home`_ raise
         up `Meeting House`_ with old members of `Meeting Hom`_. `Julie`_ would love
         to take up sweat equity, `Molly`_ take charge of contractors. `Martha`_ 
         nodded for being responsiblity. 

         `Finance Committee`_ take charge of fundrising? `Molly`_ really likes 
         idea. Given that other members agree voluteers, pull out fundrising part
         where it should live and who charge `Finance Committee`_ with what it would
         take. 

         Friendly admindedtion with four parts, with the group should determine clerk with
         
         * Maintaince and Renovation - Daniel

         * Ground - Martha

         * Sweat Equity - Julie

         * Contractors - Molly and Ann
         
         Group will meet to determine the clerk. Clerk concerned with current charge, his
         partner about there has to be some point a process for deciding on design and 
         aseatics of the new Meeting House. Linda Seger may have interest and leadership
         on this matter. Meeting approach Linda about leading Meeting and will be an 
         unfolding as process. Carlton would be in favor of Linda's participation. Carlton
         doesn't , consulting member, Linda a "member-at-large" and explore Linda's role
         as "ad hoc" member of Meeting House shepard our process internal and external
         design and appearence of space.

         `Lisa`_ adds June Friends Journal and telephone update. Due in June and starting
         in `June`_. `Lisa`_ change form to current address.

         `Joyce`_ asked logestical question about how we get from here to new meeting house
         curious when library can be moved? Sweat Equaty question and coordinated. Wouldn't
         happend until after May. `Joyce`_ contact `Julie R.`_ about physical move from 
         Pride center to new Meeting House. There may be things on `Molly`_ about donation 
         list of other `Sweat Equity`_ days, a week of April 29th and 30th for work days.

         `Ginger`_ will contact the Pride center about moving in May 7th. No bid yet on 
         floors. `Finance Committee`_ if we are able to do a full donation for May to Pride
         Center. `Ginger`_ asked that letter with May's payment a formal letter that we are
         moving in May. `Ginger`_ will also contact them.

         `Molly`_ mentioned that the Meeting House has a lockbox code and Friends can 
         get inside using the code, handing behind screen. `Joyce`_ encouraged to go 
         over for possible locations for library and work with `Linda`_ and look at 
         artectech report.  

   f. `Education Committee`_
       `May`_ potluck view of First Day video as 

   h. `Adult Education and Social Action`_ April 29th and May 13th final session. `Genie`_
      working on stuff for next fall.
   
   i. `Library`_ Move of library at next work day, `Joyce`_ will inventory library after 
      move.
   
5. Old Business
  
   None.
 
6. New Business

   a. `State of Meeting Report`_ Approval - Forgot theme of Adult Education class series,
      last studying "Quakers in the Bible, Introduction to Quaker History"," Quakers in 
      History" was presented. Quaker book group read "Wisdom to Know the Difference",
      reading "Ecodome". Further minor changes accepted. 2012 correct date for purchase 
      of Meeting House. `Ginger`_ will make the changes to `State of Meeting Report`_.

      `M&O`_ will complete this report next year, `Ginger`

   b. IMYM Directory of Adult members and attenders
      If Friends don't want to be included in Directory contact `Ginger`_ or `Jeremy`_
      this week.

   c. Friends Mountain Camp Queries from IMYM
      Queries on the back, six queries. If Friends can be very couragous, if this is 
      
      `Ginger`_ read the queries. 

      1. Should IMYM 

      2. What is the yearly meeting able to do at the present? What are potention problems
         and fears IMYM have?

      3. MFC as a seperate organization 

      4. IMYM MFC..

      5. Do monthy meeting support directly MFC or IMYM? Our meeting already directly supports
         MFC. `KATHY`_.

      6. If MFC part of IMYM.. 

      7. Meeting came out from IMYM Continuing Committee, improves Meeting $10,000 additional
         
      `Molly`_ IMYM and Joint Sevices committee, make it a regular part of IMYM to have a fund raising
      role, MFC make a perminate standing committee of IMYM with Monthy Meeting representation.
    
      `Genie`_ we are not in the position to take up queries should be part of IMYM, 
      strongly support that MFC be a part of IMYM. `Molly`_ took up   

      `Sarah`_ not be cut loose from IMYM so important to development of young friends 
      committee. YF can be immersed in Quakers life. 

      `Ginger`_ would friends support for a fee for camp? Yes, with current model of funding with
      a scholarship or other support for YF to attend? Yes.

      It is the sense of Colorado Springs Friends MFC should be established as a progam of IMYM and under the 
      oversight of a standing committee of IMYM, (Appendice B Number 2 option). Colorado Springs 
      currently supports MFC directly. Colorado Spring Meeting supports MFC charged with a fee 
      with the understanding that scholarship or other support of YF who need it.  
      
      Do Friends support a yearly $100 donation to MFC continuing forward? `Molly`_ approve supporting 
      MFC encourage so long as MFC is associated with IMYM. Yes. `Genie`_ doesn't have a lot of faith
      that IMYM will raise assessments to support MFC. We support a modest increase in assessment and
      MFC fees. IMYM raising its assessment to support MFC Continuing Committee recommendation of $10,000. 

   d. Resignation of Clerk
      `Ginger`_'s family moving this summer. The last Business for Meeting in May `Ginger`_ can 
      attend. We usually suspend `Business for Meeting`_ in June and July and we can't do it this
      year. `Molly`_ , `Lisa`_ notes deep graditude to `Ginger`_ as her service in clerk for `M&O`_
      and as `Clerk`_ of our meeting. Quakers operate in loving and altuestic suggest to us and for
      us by other Quaker organization. Nominating committee .. We have a party in the new meeting
      house for `Ginger`_. `Ginger`_ has a "holy" desire to serve as clerk of a meeting for worship
      for business in the new meeting house.
        
      We paused for silence.
   
7. Annoucements
 
 
