Date: 2012-10-21T11:22:00

Minutes for Meeting for Worship for Business October 2012
=========================================================

Tenth month, 2012

Present: [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/), [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/),
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/),
[Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/), [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) (acting
recording clerk) and [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) (acting clerk).

We opened with silence. [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) read a passage
from **The Heart of Aikido: The Philosophy of Takemusu Aiki** by Morihei
Ueshiba.

Approval of September Minutes
-----------------------------

We approved the September minutes, with corrections suggested by Sarah.

**Cash Flow Report** (attached) was reviewed by Sarah accepted with
thanks.

Clerk's report
--------------

The Open House was fun, and the Clerk supports [Bill
Werling](/Friends/BillWerling/)'s suggestion that we hold one every six
months.

[Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/)'s Show and Tell: It looks like most
people would be able to attend an evening event on Monday or Friday
night. Several people would be willing to talk about what they do and
several just wanted to listen. Molly will schedule the event in November
or December.

Committee Reports
-----------------

A.  Finance Committee ([attached](/committees/Finance/2012/10/))

    Will be paying for work done by Fountain Valley for baseboard
    heaters in the bathrooms and outlets in the basement. This has now
    been paid. Stewardship letters will go out soon. We are setting
    aside assessments and insurance payments in a separate account, so
    we have this money available to pay these items when they come due.
    The report was gratefully accepted.

B.  Nominating Committee

    [Genie Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/) has agreed to return to
    Nominating for a while in the absence of [Jonathan
    McPhee](/Friends/JonathanMcPhee/). [Bill
    Werling](/Friends/BillWerling/) will remain on the committee. We
    approved [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) as a new member.

C.  Ministry and Oversight

    This committee has not met since August, but will meet soon.
    [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) wondered if we need to designate
    specific people as "early comers" to make certain that the meeting
    house is open a bit before 10:00. (Today there were visitors, and
    the Meeting House was not yet open). No decision was made, but
    perhaps M&O could consider?

D.  Adult Religious Education and Action Committee

    [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) had agreed to be the AFSC liaison,
    and in the role, will bring information to the Meeting. The "We
    Divest" campaign (boycott/divestment actions) one issue that AFSC is
    concerned with. They suggest that Meetings consider writing a minute
    of support about this issue. Attached is a more detailed report
    which was sent to Colorado Regional. [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/)
    will draft a minute regarding support of AFSC's campaign which we
    will consider for approval at the Eleventh Month Business Meeting.
    The Clerk of Finance Committee ([Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/))
    will write a letter to Friends Fiduciary thanking them for their
    divestment.

E.  First Day School report

    [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) reports that on Nov. 4 there will
    be a First Day School parent and child meeting/pizza party at the
    Meeting House.

F.  Meeting Home Committee
    ([attached](committees/MeetingHouse/2012/10/))

    Progress on various building projects was reported.

    We approved having another open house in April. There was reluctance
    expressed to do this permanently every six months, but those present
    felt that another Open House would be good.

    If anyone has an extra space heater, we could use another one in the
    basement.

    Those present felt that the acoustics are better, although not
    optimal.

    The FGC Friends Meeting House Fund has received our application for
    grant money to help cover the cost of a new furnace. They will meet
    on Nov. 17, so we should be hearing news soon. In addition,
    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) has approached Fort Collins Meeting
    about a potential matching grant.

    We received a tax bill for the property. Brian Murphy and
    [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) are working on getting an exempt
    status from the state. The fee to do this will be \$175.

G.  Library Report

    [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) has put new labels in all our library
    books with our new address.

Other discussion
----------------

We discussed the fact that a visitor went down into the basement during
Meeting looking for the bathroom. [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) will make
two signs: One for the bathrooms and one for "Religious Education."

Do we need a "steward" of the building, especially once we have other
groups using the building? There are times when the building will be
used without charge, such as an event or group that is an extension of
the Meeting's work (such as the War Tax resisters).

[Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) commented that the Meeting seems to be in
accord with one another when it comes to the new Meeting House, and we
are all grateful for this equanimity.

New Business
------------

[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) wondered if we should email guests and
just thank them for coming. (They visited Palo Alto Meeting, and they
received an email later, which they felt was very kind).
[Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) has agreed to do this for the Meeting.

Announcements
-------------

[Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) plans to go live with our new web site
in mid-November. [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) will send a link out
for everyone to review. He would appreciate your comments and
suggestions. People can have their own pages if they like, so if you
want to send [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) information about yourself
for your personal page, please do.

We closed in silence.

In the Light,

[Lisa Lister](/Friends/LisaLister/)

Acting recording clerk
