Date: 2012-07-15T11:26:48

Minutes for Meeting for Worship for Business
============================================

Attendance: [Joyce Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/), [Genie
Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Molly
Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/), [Sarah
Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/), [Jeremy
Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/), [Lisa Lister](/Friends/LisaLister/).

Meeting started with silence, [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) comment
with gratitude people attending Business Meeting.
[Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) needs to leave earlier and attend

1.  Approval of June Minutes - approved with changes.

2.  Cash Flow Reports

    Reports distributed 7/11. Clerk asked if there is preference for how
    cash flow report is read at Business Meeting, full report or
    highlights? We encouraged finance clerk just related the highlight
    and it is not necessary to read entire report.

    Pretty unanimous among Friends, redirect all funds targeted to
    building fund to general fund. Current ending balance at the end of
    June. \$3,294.74 cents in checking account. At the moment we are
    trending water and holding stable.

    Small building fund deposit portion to pledge, the current total
    savings includes emergency reserves \$2,907.89. The amount remaining
    in the building fund, a Ent saving \$2,314.53, 1,400 left of Meeting
    House projects, roof payment. Sarah took all contributions to
    building funds at the end of April are all. Prudent reserve, some
    money has gone into the building fund, difference between 2,300 and
    1,400 is mortgage reserve. We have \$400 dollars left over for
    building house projects. We are still buying supplies. After July's
    expenses, likely down to 300 for Building House fund. We are always
    going to try to keep about \$10,000 in prudent emergency reserves.

    Molly would like to celebrate the fact that two major issues for the
    Meeting House, the roof and the furnace, pause and reflect how great
    it is that we as the small Meeting able to support.

    The Meeting accepts the cash flow with gratitude.

3.  Committee Reports:

    a.  Clerk report - the clerk transition between
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) and
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) was easy and painless involved
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) appreciative to meeting and
        officers to make the transition seamless.
        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) noticed from IMYM that we as a
        small grateful and praiseful that the spirit is in us so much
        that we are able to do the business of the meeting without the
        hardship that other Meetings experience

    b.  Finance Committee Report distributed, hold mid-year letters and
        sent out to Friends. Secure mailbox for Meeting House reduce
        cost of mailbox at Post Office. The Furnace discussion will come
        in the Meeting Home report. Roofing costs we are waiting for a
        final bill with in detail from the Roofing Company with costs
        and our payments.

        Item action - there was a concern about the process of renting
        out the [finance committee report]. Any number of issues
        surrounding renting out Meeting House reports, Meeting House
        committee also discussed. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/)
        thoughts we are not ready to rent, until we have up to code and
        safe heat in the bathrooms, we are not ready for renting. There
        are sorts of things we are involved that we could bring meetings
        here. We don't have the storage capacity to support renting out
        space. Encourage Friends to how we can use the Meeting House for
        our events? We don't have enough chairs to support,
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) so thankful to
        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) about keeping this issue
        mindful.

        Meeting accepts the report.

    c.  Nominating Committee - Request to approve [Bill
        Werling](/Friends/BillWerling/) as a new member, replacing
        [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/).
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) representing committee,
        [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) join nominating committee to
        replace [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/),
        [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) is anxious to serve the Meeting,
        [Jonathan](/Friends/JonathanMcPhee/) and
        [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/). [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)
        doesn't attend all meetings, but he keeps up-to-date and would
        be a good addition.

        Meeting accepts the report.

    d.  Ministry and Oversight

        1.  Mission statement language comes straight from IMYM Faith
            and Practice. Because Colorado Springs Quakers are so small,
            we wanted to include Oversight language so M&O can
            responsible for any matters that come includes M&O

            Meeting accepts Mission Statement.

        2.  Email from Ed Cerns IMYM Directory, with Meeting approval,
            sends email to everyone on the list that we share directory
            with IMYM, [Jennifer Roberts](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/) and
            [Pam Hazeleton](/Friends/PamHazeleton/) will be contacted by
            phone.

    e.  Education Committee

        No curriculum for summer. Please sign up to play games with the
        kids and kids of visitors. Transform basement into space that
        Adult Education can also the room, kids made decisions about
        what should stay or go, young friends will be creating a mobile
        with paper cranes from IMYM.

    f.  Meeting Home

        Progress on projects. We are satisfied with the roofing
        companies, work. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) thanks
        [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) for keeping contractors and solved
        potential problems.

        Discussed need for sound modification, one idea is bring in an
        acoustic engineer? [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) remembered
        how sound before the renovation, we didn't really know how the
        sound would have behave. Should we talk with sound engineer?
        [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) thinks we should talk with expert
        and then decide what to do, [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) will
        also bring in [Galvin](/Friends/GalvinMurphy/) to help with
        coming with questions for expert.
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) will take the lead. Two wedding
        bands appraised on the quilt, are we okay about cashing in gold?
        [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) advises not to waste money on
        appraiser if we want to sell, just directly sell to jeweler
        and/or gold.

        Helen has a number of things for the meeting in Wyoming, does
        [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/) want to do this and she wants
        the quilt. [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/) looking into
        insulation in roof, fix a number of window sills. Jennifer
        looking at different ways to get rid of spiders without
        pesticides.

        Friends need to take trash and recyclables, Meeting doesn't have
        trash service.

        Planning for work day, Sunday, July 22 at the rise of meeting.
        Mop the floor Super shine all recommended for Meeting home
        floors. Scrapers, paint brushes, paint, and primer.

        Meeting accepts report.

    g.  Library Report

        Thanks [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/),
        [Jennifer](/Friends/JenniferRoberts/) books from father's
        library, [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) 's friend Fran, magazine
        holders and binders, labels. The upstairs the inventory and
        categories, kid's library hasn't been inventoried. Talked to
        [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) and
        [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) about retention of pamphlets
        and how long to retain. [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) requested
        last library inventory so she can update. Making progress.

        Meeting thanks [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) and accepts report.

4.  Old business

    a.  Greeters for meeting/ arrangements for late comers to meeting
        for worship. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) feels that right
        now we don't have problem, still keep this matter to discuss?
        [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) wonders if Friend coming to the
        door and sit at outside of meeting. Ad hoc, easy solution, pass
        responsibility around over time. Super easy to do, and not have
        long-term commitment. Maybe week-by-week or monthly. Sign on
        "greeter chair", striving for simplicity.
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) doesn't have a problem with more
        of a long term commitment likes the idea of greeter. Concern or
        commit for a couple of months. Like the idea of greeter chair.
        [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) will do it for the next four
        weeks.

5.  New Business

    a.  Fund raising plan outline from [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) -
        attached. [Bill Werling](/Friends/BillWerling/) to help
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) with fund-raising. If we want to
        build addition or make any big changes will require
        fund-raising. Coming up with letter about work has been done,
        express specific items that can be paid for,
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) has envelopes and list of past
        donors. Donor with matching grant.
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) will work with
        [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) about grants from larger Quaker
        organization. [Daniel](/Friends/DanielKidney/) put a donation
        box up shaped like a Meeting House.

        Need to get in grant application to Friends Meeting House,
        request refinancing plus addition. Request that Finance
        committee, is refinancing is a good idea? We are going to
        refinance, would it be a good idea to refinance sooner? Meeting
        House to come up with projects and estimated costs for grants.

    b.  Open house for neighbors and wider community, are we ready for
        this step? [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) yes we should, and
        more the neighborhood, potluck and/or bbq before it gets cold.
        What about September? Big rug and better chairs before open
        house. Maybe try for Spring? [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) ofter
        ideas about rearranging cloth panels, such as used for cubicles,
        [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) will look into the options.
        [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) as an aesthetics expert, will be
        consulted about any of these ideas.

        [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) will look into large piece of rug
        that all chairs and look into screens and panels.

        Open house with food in Meeting house and backyard.

6.  Announcements

> 1.  Recording clerk has set up new email address,
>     <recording-clerk@coloradospringsquakers.org>, that he will route
>     all Meeting's email and announcements through, he explained that
>     using his personal email results in him accidentally spamming his
>     entire contact list with Meeting's business. Friends can still
>     email to <jermnelson@gmail.com> but outgoing email will be from
>     new email address.
>
> > 2.  Colorado Regional Meeting will be meeting here on July 29th.
> >     Please plan to be part of a potluck for them at the rise of
> >     meeting.
> >
> > 3.  Newsletter and announcements will be on the library table for
> >     your perusal.
> >
> > > La Fuente in Alamosa is doing a great deal for agriculture workers
> > > and their annual newsletter/booklet is fun to read.
>
> 4.  [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) asked about a permanent place for
>     donation box? Move to front, table in the middle of Meeting,
>     remind Friends about location of donation box on library table.
>
>     > [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) will also look into possible
>     > benches for sale by Ohio Meeting.
>
Meeting closed with silence at 1:10 pm.

Respectively submitted in the Light,

[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) Recording Clerk
