Date: 2013-12-15T11:25:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[DanielKidney]: /Friends/DanielKidney
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[LisaBeckwith]: /Friends/LisaBeckwith
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business

Colorado Springs Quaker Meeting

Present: [Genie Durland][GenieDurland], [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], 
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [LisaBeckwith][LisaBeckwith], [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer],
[Nancy Andrews][NancyAndrews], [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [BillDurland]

December 15, 2013 

1.  Silence followed by a reading.

    Query from Ft. Collin's Newsletter," how does our faith reflect our life and life 
    reflect our faith?"

2.  Consideration of November Minutes, accepted with changes.

3.  Clerk's Report:  The meeting seems to be in good shape in terms of 
    the physical building, our finances, and people doing service on its 
    behalf. I look forward to stepping down from being the clerk to focus more
    on the spiritual and worship aspects of my faith and to be of service to 
    the meeting and the wider Quaker committee.  It has been an honor and a 
    pleasure to be clerk.  I wish to thank [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson], 
    recording clerk, and everyone else who is stepping down from one position 
    and sliding into another (or two).  I pray for wisdom and energy for all 
    new appointees.

4. Committee Reports:

    1.  Finance Committee: Cash Flow Report and other financial reports
        2014 Budget. Meeting by email, working on 2014 Budget. After payment
        checking $759.52, ENT reserve $565.05 cents in reserve, building fund of
        $1,148.95 in other reserves. $5,360.25 in Building Fund. [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] talked about
        the savings from our new furance and other improvements in our utility bills
        from this time last year. 

        Budget 2014, great improvement in the bottom line for the 2014 Budget from a 
        deficit of $2,715.60 in 2013 to a small net positive of $39.99 for 2014.
        [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] went over the details from the 2014 and an overview of 
        actual expenses 2013. 

	The meeting accepts with deep and abiding graditude all of the financial reports. 

        Local quarterly distributions for December 2013, [Genie][GenieDurland] talked about adding the Shot Toe
        community to our list of local distribution. [Molly][MollyWingate] suggested supporting La Puente this
        time. [Genie] and [Jeremy] on support Pikes Peak Justice & Peace Commission. [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] and
        [Bill] supporting local groups that work with disadvantaged populations. [Carlton] and 
        [Molly] supporting Mesa and Bijou Houses that are part of the local organization that support
        local homeless. To support [Sarah] desire for emergency support for locals is Ecumenical Services Ministries.
       
        *  La Puente
       
        *  Ecumenical Services Ministries

        *  Community in Gardner

        *  Pikes Peak Justice & Peace Commission

        Each group will receive $25 donation as approved by the Meeting.


        No minutes to review.

    1.  Ministry and Oversight Committee: no report. 

        Thank you to everyone who helped to make [Kathy Ide's][KathyIde]s 
        memorial meeting a beautiful and deeply meaningful event. 

    1.  First Day School: no report

        [Molly][MollyWingate] suggest we start around a statement at World Friends Group.
        ecojustice project for First Day School. Each teacher could use 
        themes of ecojustice, [Molly][MollyWingate] consistent theme and kids are more 
        invested. First project would be a collage created by kids.

    1.  Adult Education:

        Rev. Roger Butts of Unity Church and formerly of High Plains 
        Unitarian Church will give a presentation and lead a discussion about 
        making end-of-life plans.  He works with an organization that consults 
        with people on these matters.  The presentation will be at the rise 
        of meeting on January 12, 2014.
 
        Thank you, [Jeremy][JeremyNelson], for reintroducing us to our website: 
        [coloradospringsquakers.org](http://www.coloradospringsquakers.org)  All 
        business meeting minutes and reports will be available on line.  Our 
        [calendar](http://www.coloradospringsquakers.org/calendar) of events is 
        there also. 

    1.  Peace and Justice Committee:

        Three itesm, Ba-hai informational night, talked with setting up a event
        last Jan early Feb. [Bill][BillDurland] submitted materials from FGC and FCNL, Ecojustice in Denver, 
        and other organizations of interest. FCC divestment from Fossil Fuels companies
        and reinvest in alternative fuels. [Molly][MollyWingate] suggest that committee put together 
        a minute. Do we need to have a seperate minute for each action item or just have a clerk
        send a letter in support for a month and then have Business Meeting direct a 
        the committee.

    1.  Nominating Committee: report attached.  Approve new service positions.

        New service positions to approve. [Lisa][LisaLister] has agreed to become new
        meeting Clerk after prayerful consideration and was accepted with great . 
        [Lisa Beckwith][LisaBeckwith] has asked and
        been accepted to serve on the Finance committee. Gary has interest in serving our 
        Meeting. Approved [Lisa B.][LisaBeckwith] for Fiance and First Day school. 

        Approved all nomations on the latest list. Yearly and Regional Meeting terms are 
        generally for three years but our terms from two to three years. People can 
        extend their terms if they want. 

        We have wrote up and posted list of directions for opening the Meeting House. 

    1.  Library: [Nancy][NancyAndrews] will be in touch with [Lisa Lister] about working on the library
        over the next month and will have much more progress by the next meeting. 

    1.  Meetinghouse Committee: report pending. [Ann][AnnDaughtery] went over the report, some items still
        lingering is the installation of the brocher box, furnace inspected and filters changing
        on a regular basis. We need a snow shovel. Our gutters install with rubber or fiberglass
        splash guards. [Daniel][DanielKidney] gas usage is 50% less than last year's gas bill. [Daniel] will be 
        doing some research on the windows. [Bill Werling][BillWerling] is looking at fesaible about adding
        insulation in the restrooms and store room. Maintaining the meeting has multiple opportunities
        for service including taking the trash and providing some treats or refreshmennt after Meeting.
        Fourth Sunday of the Month, postponing we need to be better prepared for maintance and 
        continue on the Fourth Sunday and make effort for Friends to participate and build community.
        
        [Sarah] asked if the meeting was compensating [Jonathan] for his work? No

        Report accepted.

5.  Old Business:

    [Molly] asked [Jeremy] to draft a Minute to send to Connie about her 
    withdrawing her membership. 

    We will be holding a "Show and Tell" for this winter on January 8th.  Our 
    speakers will be [Bill Durland][BillDurland], [Bill Werling][BillWerling], and 
    [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson] at 6:30-8:00pm. These events help us get to know one another a little better.

    When would the occasional book group like to meet to discuss Back Bench by 
    Margaret Hope Bacon?

    Friends are welcome to use the meetinghouse during the week and to open it 
    for Sunday worship. The key to the building is always available in the lock 
    box on the ladies' room door.  We have created a one-sheet set of directions 
    for opening and closing the building.  It is attached.  Call 
    [Molly][MollyWingate], [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty],
    [Bill Werling][BillWerling], [Peter LeVar][PeterLeVar] or the Durlands for 
    the code to open the lock box.

6.  New Business:

    Christmas Eve Meeting for Worship at 7:00 pm with Christmas Carols and 
    treats.

    Would we like to hold a workshop on the Doctrine of Discovery? Boulder 
    meeting is available to conduct workshops on the Doctrine of Discovery and 
    Indigenous People's rights.  Friends should know that there may be a minute 
    about the Doctrine of Discovery proposed for June Gathering and meetings 
    are encouraged to learn about it and schedule time for the powerful workshop 
    Boulder can provide. [Genie] spoke about the value of the workshop. [Carlton]
    also spoke about the value of having meetings coming to together, open the 
    doors to other 

    Ask the Peace and Social Justice Committee to come with some ideas next month
    about setting up a workshop in the Spring or Summer and open the doors to 
    other communities in Colorado Springs. Approved. 

    Other new business is the Fall queries, one query about one junior young friends
    Valiare Ireland, the request we provide feedback by February meeting. Talked about
    over January or February potluck. When would Friends like to consider this Query,
    do over January 5th potluck. [Genie][GenieDurland] will clerk this discussion of 
    these queries.

    [Sarah] has a question about a donation through PayPal, talk about our options. 
    [Jeremy] will report on our options for online donations to Finance committee as
    he expressed concerns PayPal business practices. 

7.  Announcements:

    Please put events at the meetinghouse on the paper calendar on the bulletin 
    board and let [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] and [Bill Werling][BillWerling]  
    know.  [Bill][BillWerling] is the calendar keeper for now and he will enter 
    it on Google calendar so the event will be listed on our website.  You can 
    subscribe to get reminders and updates automatically. 

    If you are part of a group or know of a group who would like to use the 
    meeting house, please have them contact [Bill Werling][BillWerling] at 
    william.werling@gmail.com.

    Eric Moon will be giving a presentation on April 19th at Boulder Meeting, 
    "Meeting the Testimonies Again for the First Time."
   
    [Jeremy][JeremyNelson] spoke about the opporutnities we now have through 
    the website to be an authority witness in this new medium. 
    

Meeting closed in silence at 12:5x
