Date: 2012-05-15T17:00:00

Nominating Committee Report
===========================

May 15, 2012
------------

We have been in conversation with several members of the Meeting to try
to fill the position of Clerk of the Meeting as [Ginger
Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) and her family prepare to move to
Wisconsin. After much seasoning and deliberation, we determined that
[Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) would be willing to finish
[Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)'s term, starting July 1, 2012.

If approved, [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) has asked that the members
of the meeting support her in this effort in a few ways, as she has
taken on responsibilities in our Meeting, in Colorado Regional and in
IMYM. Of committees, she asks that clerks please get reports to [Jeremy
Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson) in a timely fashion (early in the week
before business meeting, if possible) so that the agenda for meeting for
worship for business can be compiled and everyone can have a chance to
review reports in advance. She also asks that clerks please create a
calendar of their annual responsibilities so that your regular business
proceeds in good order.

Of members and attenders, she asks that you please contribute to the
business of our meeting and that you do your best to review in advance
the materials for meeting for worship for business. Also she asks that
when possible please take to committees whatever business you have
instead of bringing it directly to our monthly business meeting.

Finally, [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) would like to be replaced as a
member of the [Nominating Committee](/committees/Nominating/).

In the Light,

[Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) and [Jonathan
McPhee](/Friends/JonathanMcPhee)

Nominating Committee
