Date: 2015-01-18T11:30:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[HollyGrasso]: /Friends/HollyGrasso
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[PeterLevar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback

# Minutes 
# Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business

Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

21st day of Sixth Month, 2015


**Present**: [Ann Martin][AnnGrantMartin], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck], 
[Lisa Lister][LisaLister](clerk), [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], 
[Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], [Peter Levar][PeterLevar] and 
[Holly Grasso][HollyGrasso] (acting recording
clerk)

We began with silence followed by a reading from the IMYM Faith and
Practice.

The minutes from Fifth month, 2015 were approved. The meeting thanks
Holly for agreeing to take minutes today.

1.  Committee reports:

    1.  **Meetinghouse committee report was accepted**

        The meeting recognized [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty] and 
        [Phil Friesen][PhilFriesen] and [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate]
        for their support and assistance in keeping the basement dry.

        The Committee Received several quotes for installation of necessary
        equipment and requests the approval to move forward with the
        installation of a sump pump and update of our current drainage system
        from Murphy Construction at the cost of approximately $4600.00 which is
        within the available funds held by the meeting for such situations. The
        meeting was advised that this is only the first step in a two part
        process. Once these updates are made, it will allow the basement to dry
        enough for the committee to take inventory of what damage was done.
        Plans for how to address the repairs to the meetinghouse caused by the
        water will be evaluated at that point. There is no cost estimate for
        this second step as yet.

        The committee lovingly requests creative suggestions for how to best put
        to use the space into which the meeting is investing so much time and
        resources. The meeting expressed much appreciation to [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] 
        for her diligence and loving care of the meetinghouse throughout the crisis.

        The draft of meetinghouse use guidelines was presented. The meeting
        reviewed it and **approved** the draft with minor revisions (see
        appendix).

    1.  **Ministry & Oversight report was accepted**

    1.  **Finance Committee report was accepted**

        Financial reports were reviewed and all was in order. Hearty thanks to
        [Sarah][SarahCallbeck], our bookkeeper for her ongoing diligence in tracking our
        finances. The committee recognized and expressed appreciation for the
        donations made by [Ann][AnnDaugherty], [Phil][PhilFriesen] & 
        [Molly][MollyWingate] toward the recovery of the
        meetinghouse basement.

        The list of local organizations was reviewed to decide which group
        should receive funds from the meeting. The sense of the meeting was that
        the $100 should be split evenly between Care & Share and Tessa. The
        Finance Committee will return with an updated list for review at our
        next local disbursement, which will be during twelfth month meeting for
        business.

    1.  **The Nominating Committee report was accepted

        **The committee advises we are still searching for a recording clerk.


    1.  **Other reports**

        [Molly][MollyWingate] was excited to share the amazing experience she had at yearly
        meeting. She was especially inspired by workshops on the topic of
        leadings and would like to share the material which spoke to her in
        hopes that it will add richness to the experience of other friends. The
        offer was happily accepted.

        [Molly][MollyWingate] also advised that the cost for attendance at yearly meeting will
        be rising to meet the rising costs at the host location. This is
        expected to happen incrementally over the next few years until either
        the costs to attendees and the cost to yearly meeting match or another
        less costly venue is located. Yearly meeting is working very hard to
        make sure that the depth of activities and the ability for those who are
        unable to pay to attend are maintained throughout the process.

1.  **Announcements**

The Meeting now has a P.O. Box at the downtown station. If you are
mailing checks or important letters, please use this box address:

Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

c/o *the name of the person here*

P.O. Box 2073

Colorado Springs, CO 80901-2073


Minutes submitted by [Holly Grasso][HollyGrasso]

Acting recording clerk

**APPENDIX**

GUIDELINES FOR USE OF THE MEETINGHOUSE

-   The meeting as a whole has priority use of the space, followed by
    meeting members and attenders, and then non-affiliated outside
    groups.

-   Members of the meeting who use the meetinghouse for their businesses
    are asked to donate 10% of the gross income generated from the event
    held at the meetinghouse.

SCHEDULING

-   All groups must schedule their use of the meetinghouse through Ann
    Martin or our online Google calendar. Contact her at
    <ann.grantfarms@gmail.com>

-   Events or groups scheduled in the space are done so on a
    first-come-first-served basis. Already scheduled groups will not be
    asked to reschedule once their date and time is confirmed.

OUTSIDE GROUPS

-   Outside groups must complete our agreement form.

-   Outside groups are asked to make a good will donation to the
    meeting. As a guideline, $1-2 per person is much appreciated. If
    the group is a non-profit organization, they may use the building
    for free.

-   Outside groups meet with a member of the meeting before the date of
    the event to make all arrangements.

CONDITION OF THE SPACE

-   The meeting does not set up, tear down, or provide any technical
    support for users of the building, nor is anyone from the meeting
    required to be present.

-   All groups are welcome to use our tea and coffeepots with a goodwill
    donation. If refreshments are part of the program, then the group
    must provide their own food and serving implements.

-   All groups must return the meetinghouse to the state they found it
    each time they use it. This includes replacing furniture, removing
    garbage and doing dishes.


