===========================================================
Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================
:Date: $Date: 2012-09-16 11:24:00 +0000 (Sun, 16 September 2012) $

In Attendance: `Molly Wingate`_ (clerk), `Lisa Lister`_, `Julie Roten-Valdez`_
`Carlton Gamer`_, `Ann Daugherty`_, `Genie Durland`_, `Sarah Callbeck`_
`Jeremy Nelson`_, `Joyce Doyle`_, `Bill Durland`_, 

`Molly`_ started the meeting at 11:24 a.m. with a reading of a  
paramble from that was used in Young Friend education. Mark 
chapter 4.

1. Approval of August Minutes for Meeting for Business. `Ann`_ volunteered
   to take the material and change the address. What about publications like
   Western Friends, do we want to forward mail to the Meeting house from the
   P.O. box to the Meeting House. `Lisa`_ volunteered to change the address at
   the post office. Could `Lisa`_ pick up a packet of change-of-address with 
   postcards to send to publishers and newsletters from other Meetings. 

2. Cash Flow Report: previously emailed. We finally assessments for Colorado 
   Regional Meetings. Ending balance checking end of Aug $3297.25, down a bit from
   the prior month `Sarah`_ we are still holding steady. No change in emergency 
   or other reserves. No change in building funds. In Finance Committee meeting
   report has much more details. All total, we paid $1752.00 for the roof instead
   of $2,000. Calvert balance down some, total 14,322.00 in building 
   `Molly`_ joy that Cash flow report accepted.   

3. Committee Reports:

  a. Finance Committee: previously emailed 
     Colorado Regional Fall gathering meeting, please let committee know
     now. This month is the national distribution will find a suggestions
     for national distributions. AFSC has a contribution matching campaign
     as we decide the national distribution. At Friend's Fiducary funds they
     are slowly recovering from recession of a few years ago. 

     We received a Property Valuation notice from the El Paso County Assessor.  It
     states a tax value, but in another section says we are exempt.  Since this is
     the first year we have received this notice (and it is a tad confusing), we
     want to make sure they know we are a religious group.  Ann will stop by the
     Assessor office just to make certain all is well.

     **501(c)3 status** We have not filed for this status, which would exempt us 
     from paying sales tax. Because we have been purchasing more items for the new 
     Meeting House, it has come up as a question about whether it would be worth 
     filing for this status.
     The cost to file is very expensive, and the preparation of the paperwork
     onerous.  Right now, we do not believe that it would be worth the time and
     expense. `Bill`_ supports the Finance Committee recommendations. Do any other
     Meetings have this status? Came up with a email from Mountain View. People in
     the Yearly meeting are talking about.

     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Remaining Building Funds & Liquid Prudent Reserve       |           |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | As of:  9/12/2012                                       |           |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Funds in Calvert:                                       |           |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Calvert balance                                         | $9,247.76 |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Less earmarked for furnace replacement                  |(8,000.00) |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Subtotal (liquid prudent reserve)                       | 1,247.76  |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     |     Carpet - total cost                                 |(927.00)   |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Add sale of Roz's rings                                 | 200.00    |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     |       Add donation from Lisa                            | 200.00    |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Remainder of liquid prudent reserve in Calvert          | $720.76   |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Funds in ENT Savings-Building Fund:                     |           |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Ent Savings-Building Fund balance                       | $2,314.53 |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Less basement outlets & bathroom baseboard heaters      |(1,170.00) |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Less gas heater removal from bathrooms (estimate)       |(336.00)   |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Remainder of liquid prudent reserve in ENT Savings      |$808.53    |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | Total remaining liquid prudent reserve to be used for   |$1,529.29  |
     | mortgage, utilities & insurance only                    |           |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+
     | "Trust in God, but tie your camel first."               |           |
     +---------------------------------------------------------+-----------+


     Based on report about furnance removal $336.00 will be moved to emergency 
     reserves as this will be included in a full renovation. `Sarah`_ will begin
     conservation with Fiance Committee about taking a small amount of money in 
     checking to savings for large recurring expensives like the yearly insurance
     payment. Donations currently cover mortgage and utilities, `Sarah`_ wants to
     continue building up mortgage and utilities reserve to cover 1 years worth,
     estimated to be $5,000. `Molly`_ is gratefully for the careful thought 
     that has gone in careful stewardship of Finance Committee, Molly personal 
     apperciates that Finance Committee with deep, deep graditude. `Sarah`_ answered
     `Bill`_'s question about the camel, quote very common in the Middle East. 
     If the camel is tied it doesn't cost much but if you let go free it can 
     be very expensive.

     1. National Distribution, `Bill`_'s thought that if you have a matching funds
        grant FCNL have such a small staff, `Bill`_ suggested that we give $50 to 
        AFCL and to FCNL. Friends are in unity with this recommendation.
 
     2. Ad hoc Fundraising sub-committee. `Molly`_ mentioned that Lisa has sent in a 
        request for $5000 for a new furnace. We are asking for more than usual, but
        we made it clear any amount would . `Molly`_ talking with Ft. Collins, write
        to Ft. Collins about a matching grant for the Colorado Springs Meeting. Soon
        we will be sending out a letter to all of the Meetings that had donated
        to us in the past. Report accepted

  b. Nominating Committee - no report

  c. Ministry and Oversight: 
     Include items in the agenda. `Linda`_ and `Carlton`_ are 
     attending as emertis members of M&O. Martha is contacting other members.
     M&O discussed greeters for Meeting. M&O hasn't come up with any recommendations as
     they are still considering and reflecting as the right course opens up for the 
     Meeting. It is up to all of us to be friendly to a new person after meeting and 
     that Friends need to just be aware and assist with any new  

     Mission statement changed to M&O guidelines. People need to be sentistive
     to the need of the meetings for quiet for Meeting for Worship on first 
     days. Friends are encouraged to try to arrive by the start but M&O sensitive
     to the different circumstances that Friends may not be able to arrive on 
     time but M&O looking at ways for late arriving Friends to join Meeting for 
     Worship that is to minimize the distribution. We Friends have an extra burdan
     to explain what we are and why are that way for newcomers.    

     If the clerk doesn't have anything assigned to it from the clerk. M&O is on call
     and may need to meet more than once a month. September's meeting will be passed 
     over and M&O will not meet this month. 

     M&O report accepted as amended.

  d. Education Committee: All families with Education worship sharing lead by Maria
     about what is important for First Day School. Kids are interested in creative 
     expression and services. Will also have a Friday in November for another kids
     worship sharing outside First Day School. Martha and John are co-chairs and
     will be coming up with a schedule for the fall. We are talking about teenagers
     now and not smaller children except for the Werlings. Everyone is encouraged to come to take a class 
     with the kids or come to the Friday's worship sharing. Joyce has been cataloging
     material in the Meeting and noted that we have a lot of study material and maybe
     have kids go through and see what might interest them.   
  
  e. Adult education and action committee: Last week we had the first meeting, `Genie`_
     send around a report to 9 Friends with a schedule, each person will lead a different
     discussion on a testimony but there is flexiblity to have external speakers and `Genie`_
     will notify Meeting about any speakers. We may have an opportunity to hear from a 
     War Tax adovacate in November. The report was accepted with graditude. 

  f. Meeting House Committee No outstanding actions, work day every forth first day of the
     month has been successful. Carpet should be here next week and is 15' by 20' feet. Should
     be helpful for acoustic. Meeting House Committee does pay attention to what Fiance 
     committee.

     Baseboard heaters and outlets downstairs will be installed on Monday. 

     Meeting Home report accepted with graditude.

  h. Library Report - `Joyce`_ expects to have full inventory and report on and will have 
     by next Business Meeting. `Joyce`_ will be getting a new stamp with Meeting address
     and updating all of the books. 

     Library Report accepted.

4. Old business

  a. Greeters at meeting - discussed previously in M&O report.

  b. Open house for neighbors and wider community - planning on October 13th from 2-4pm.
     `Ann`_, `Genie`_, `Julie`_. `Ann`_ asked if we should we send a large or small cards? 
     Postcards were suggested. Friends should send names and address of other people they 
     might want to invite to the Open House. `Ann`_'s past experience is that 25% response
     from invitations. `Julie`_ and `Genie`_ will coordinate the food for the open house.
     It would be great to have invitations by the first of October. 

     We need paper plates and other updated written material by this open house. `Sarah`_ 
     volunteered to pick any extra dishes, if we have only finger food we will only need
     paper napkins.  

5. New Business

   1. `Carlton`_ suggested that we have an event "show-and-tell" where we all come to learn
      about what Friends in the Meeting are involved with including creative and 
      professional interests. `Molly`_ suggested that we have the event in the week for
      a couple of hours. To start for those Friends that are doing stuff and who want to
      share with the rest of the Meeting have them state what they are working and 
      if there are interest in others. This would be an ad hoc and Wednesday sounds
      okay. This wouldn't have to be monthly deal. 

      Send out an email to the whole meeting stating the idea and ask for 1. Who
      would be interested in attending the event? Who would be interested in sharing
      something? `Carlton`_'s show and tell. Input from the wider meeting along
      with a SurveyMonkey about answering these questions. What weeknight would work
      for everyone and happen in the next two months. Recording clerk will create
      a survey and send out

   2. Trustees of the Meetings. `Molly`_ interested in finding out about what trustees
      do at other Meetings and they keep their eyes on the larger picture. `Molly`_
      is pursing and finding out what trustees.

6. Announcements

   1. Colorado Regional Meeting will be in Estes Park (October 19-21) is going to 
      focus on the diversity in our own spiritual community as Quakers.  
      Registration at `imym.org <imym.org>`_.  Several Colorado Springs folks are on the 
      program.
   
      "How do you experience living a spirit-led life?  Would you be willing 
      to share your experience?  How would you be willing to share it?   Would
      you be willing to be interviewed?  Do you express your spirituality 
      creatively... e.g., music, dance, other ways?"

   2. `Molly`_ has a number of newsletters from other Meetings with Pendle 
      Hills workshops. 

   3. Interesting letter from Friends United Meeting about the future of the
      Religious Society of Friends for 40 Days of Prayer starting on Oct 10th
      either individuals or as a group. `Molly`_ found the letter welcoming 
      and interesting. `Molly`_ interested in ordering booklet and she going
      to do; if interested ordering 10 booklets have a price drop to $2.50.
      
      We will purchase booklets for use by Friends.  
      
Meeting closed with silence at 1:00pm.    

Respectivelly submitted,

`Jeremy Nelson`_

Recording Clerk
   
.. _Ann: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _Ann Daugherty: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _Ann Margret: /Friends/AnnGrantMargret/
.. _Bill: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Bill Durland: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Carlton: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _Carlton Gamer: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _Daniel: /Friends/DanielKidney/
.. _Daniel Kidney: /Friends/DanielKidney/
.. _Genie: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Genie Durland: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Ginger: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _Ginger Morgan: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _Jennifer: /Friends/JenniferRoberts/
.. _Jennifer Roberts: /Friends/JenniferRoberts/
.. _Jeremy: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Jeremy Nelson: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Julie: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _Julie Roten-Valdez: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _Jonathan: /Friends/JonathanMcPhee/
.. _Joyce: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Joyce Doyle: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Linda: /Friends/LindaSeger/
.. _Lisa: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _Lisa Lister: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _Maria: /Friends/MariaMelendez/
.. _Martha: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _Martha Lutz: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _Molly: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _Molly Wingate: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _Nancy: /Friends/NancyAndrew/
.. _Sarah: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _Sarah Callbeck: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/

