Date: 2015-11-15T11:30:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[HollyGrasso]: /Friends/HollyGrasso
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business 
## Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

15th day of Eleventh Month, 2015

In attendance: [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallback], 
[John Robey][JohnRobey], [Holly Grasso][HollyGrasso], [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate]

1.  **Silence followed by queries.**

    We started with what silence was to be found with the dogs barking.

    IMYM Faith and practice:

    Advice: The principle of stewardship applies to all we are given and to
    who we are as individuals, members of groups, and inhabitants of the
    earth. We are each obliged to use our time, abilities, strength, money,
    material possessions, and other resources in a spirit of love, aware
    that we hold these gifts in trust and that we are responsible for using
    them wisely.

    Query: Do we regard our time, talents, energy, money material
    possessions, and other resource as gifts from God, to be held in trust
    and shared in according to the Light we are given?

2.  **Consideration of tenth month minutes** please look at the minutes
    (*attached* and) online at:
    <http://coloradospringsquakers.org/meetings/Business/2015/10>

    Approved

3.  **Old Business:**

    *Follow up on our theft:*

    We received a report from the District Attorney regarding the theft
    of our checks from our mailbox. The criminal will serve six years.
    He faced several charges in addition to our theft. We hope to find
    out where this man is being held and offer to write to him or visit
    him to let him know we are holding him in the Light. [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer]
    and [Bill Durland][BillDurland] will follow up. [John Robey][JohnRobey] and 
    [Holly Grasso][HollyGrasso] also will be available.

4.  **New Business:**

    1.  Brief Report on Representatives Committee Meeting
        
        Date of yearly meeting is June 5 - 12.

        We have received the fall queries from IMYM. There are three sets of
        questions.

        We will discuss the financial queries during the January 2016 potluck.
        Friends are encouraged to look at these in advance of the discussion.
        The clerk of the IMYM finance committee is willing to be available for
        our discussion, if we wish.

        We will discuss the 2nd set of queries concerning the theme of the
        annual gathering and the third set of queries from the Peace and Service
        at the February 2016 potluck.


    1.  Update on children at the meeting

        [Molly][MollyWingate] created a new brochure for people attending meeting for the first
        time. It includes a section on for parents with children. She modeled it
        on a similar document at Austin, TX meeting.

        All adults can be part of welcoming families with children. If you are
        at worship and no one seems to be moving to take the children at 10
        minutes past the hour, please take any children downstairs and read
        books and play games.

        We approve the new brochure for first time attenders. See the Appendix
        for the text.

    1.  Use of the meetinghouse by for a house party sponsored by
        Coloradans Against the Death Penalty, Pikes Peak Justice and Peace
        Center, the NAACP and Murder Victim Families for Reconciliation

        They typically have refreshments that include beverages, some of which may
        be alcoholic (beer and wine). Since we do not have a policy about
        alcohol use at the meetinghouse, it is being brought to business meeting
        for approval. If this is OK, they ask to use the meetinghouse on an open
        Thursday evening in December. [Molly][MollyWingate] will be present at the meeting.
        
        Secondary question: Do we want to be a sponsor, and what does that mean?

            Discussion: The event will be scheduled for 12/10 5:30 -7 PM. Serving
            alcohol is not a deal breaker with COADP. Sponsor is just in name and
            offering the space. Friends were fine with the idea.

            Minute 11-1: Meeting allows alcohol for this event, and it wishes to
            sponsor the event.

5.  **Committee Reports:**

    1.  **Meetinghouse Committee** *(See minutes in the Appendix)*

        **Accepted the report **

    1.  **Ministry and Oversight Committee - no report**

    1.  **Finance Committee** (See *minutes in the Appendix*)

        Finance Committee Minutes accepted

        We discussed the various ways that we might be able to rectify our
        monthly deficit. Clearly we need to increase our income. We are hopeful
        that some of the unfilled pledges will be fulfilled.

        Review of financial reports

        Cash Flow Report

        ENT Savings Update

        Current Month Planning for available funds

        The budget for next year has been drawn up, and it is bare bones while
        preserving the goals of the meeting. It comes in with a $2500 deficit.
        Next month we need to approve a budget and at that time if no more
        pledges come in for next year, we will be able to cut a few things in
        the programs area, such as support for travel, support of other
        organizations, reduce or eliminate our assessment to Colorado Regional
        Meeting and IMYM.

        The finance committee will draw up two budgets, one that balances and
        one that preserves all line items.

        **We accepted the financial reports with anxiety**

    1.  **Nominating Committee** *(See Report in Appendix)*

        ACTION item: Approval of service positions to start First Month, 2016

        We tentatively approve the nominees in the nominating committee report,
        with the request that the terms of service be listed. We would also like
        to make sure that we get regular reports on AFSC and FCNL, wherever that
        reporting ends up in the meeting's structure.

6.  **Announcements: **

    1.  **Threshing Session**, Wed., Nov 18 at 7:00 p.m. (6:45 for tea and
        crumpets)

        At Quaker Quest, we explored many ideas of ways to strengthen our
        meeting and grow internally. We also explored ideas for growing our
        meeting, including welcoming and engaging newcomers. From a place of
        reflection, we know that "way will open" to identify the priorities and
        ways we can proceed to fulfill our objectives. Ministry & Oversight will
        guide us in this process.

    1.  **Important - The Meeting needs your financial help**

        From [Lisa][LisaLister], the clerk, and from Finance Committee: Our income is not
        currently sufficient to meet our monthly expenses. For the last four
        months, we have had to dip into our mortgage reserves in order to the
        pay the mortgage. Obviously this is not sustainable in the long run. We
        have already downsized the budget to bare bones. We ask Friends who made
        a pledge last year and are behind in that commitment, to please consider
        catching up soon. We could use your pledge money now. If you have not
        yet made a pledge for 2016, please consider doing so.

