Date: 2015-03-15T11:21:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister


## Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business

### Colorado Springs Friends Meeting**

Fifteenth day of the third month, 2015

In Attendance: [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Bill Werling][BillWerling]
[Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson], [John Robey][JohnRobey], 
[Bill Durland][BillDurland], [Genie Durland][GenieDurland],
[Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], [Peter Levar][PeterLevar], [Linda Segar][LindaSegar]
[Ann Grant Martin][AnnGrantMartin] and [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty]

Meeting opened with silence at 11:21 followed by the following reading
from Britain Yearly Meeting's *Quaker Faith and Practice:*

    Our method of conducting our meetings for church affairs is an
    experience which has been tested over three hundred years. In days of
    hot contest and bitter controversy the early Friends, knit together by
    the glorious experience of the Holy Spirit's guidance in all of their
    affairs, came to the simple understanding of how their corporate
    decisions should be made. We have learned to eschew lobbying and not to
    set great store by rhetoric or clever argument. The mere gaining of
    debating points is found to be unhelpful and alien to the spirit of
    worship which should govern the rightly ordered meeting.

Approval of minutes: Second month, 2015 minutes were approved

1.  **Reports**

    1.  **Ministry and Oversight Committee**: Minutes accepted.

        1.  Quaker Quest was discussed and it is a dynamic and
            transformative in reach and outreach program that is based
            on the experience that the Quaker way is a spiritual path
            for our time that is simple, radical, and contemporary. The
            program was introduced to the Meeting as a whole at the
            March potluck. Email information sent prior to the March
            potluck will include the FGC website and the Quaker Quest
            link so that Friends can familiarize themselves.

    2.  **Meeting House Committee**: Verbal report accepted.

        1.  Two bids were obtained for the doors but there is not
            sufficient time to submit a grant request for this.

        2.  We plan to submit a grant request for the additional
            electrical outlets in the meeting house.

        3.  Meeting House Committee is still working on a draft policy
            for use of the meeting house and it was suggested that it
            include at least some nominal fee for use. This will serve
            as a starting place for further discussion about meeting
            house usage by other groups.

    3.  **Finance Committee**: the financial report was accepted. Those
        present at the meeting reviewed the cash flow report. Checking
        balance \$599.88; savings balance: \$9,628.45. There was
        discussion about which national organization to donate money to.
        It was decided that we would divide our contribution between
        **Friends Peace Teams and Quaker House** (\$50 to each
        organization)

    4.  **Peace and Justice Committee**: Oral report given by [Bill
        Durland][BillDurland] and he discussed the diminution of due process in the
        United States legal process. Additionally, he indicated that the
        committee was working with AFSC and FCNL representatives and
        there are plans in place to have a representative from each
        speak to our meeting.

2.  **New Business**

> **APPROVED:** Friends approved moving forward with the first phase of
> the QuakerQuest process. [Lisa][LisaLister] will send out a poll to help determine
> the best Saturday for the workshop, which we hope to hold next fall.
> It is important that as many members and attenders attend as possible.
>
> **MINUTE:** *After considerable review, discussion and seasoning, the
> Colorado Springs Friends Meeting has decided to move forward, to
> include commitment of funds, with the first phase of QuakerQuest. *
>
> The meeting is yet to determine if it will pursue the second phase.
> This first phase consists of committing to holding a full-day internal
> workshop with the FGC QuakerQuest team, and will be a commitment of
> \$1,000 (\$800 has already been pledged).

1.  Announcements

    1.  The **adult education book study and discussion group** started
        on March\
        8th (at the rise of meeting) and meet on the 2nd Sunday for
        several months. We will start with *The Essential Elias
        Hicks*. [Bill][BillDurland] and [Genie][GenieDurland] will facilitate the discussion. The book
        is available for \$13.50 from Amazon, or \$15 from the FGC
        bookstore. Please RSVP to <durlandwe@gmail.com> if you will be
        attending.

    2.  *The Invention of Wings*, the critically acclaimed novel about
        Quaker and abolitionist Sarah Grimke, will be the topic of the 
        **Occasional Book Group** discussion on Sunday, March 29 at the rise
        of meeting. The novel is available at any Pikes Peak Library.
        Bring a lunch.

    3.  **Colorado Regional Meeting Spring Gathering**, Sunday, April 26
        at Boulder\
        Friends Meetinghouse, You are invited to join us at Boulder
        Meeting for\
        Worship at 10:00 AM or come at 11:30 AM for a potluck meal
        followed by a\
        program focused on Developing a Quaker Response to the New Jim
        Crow: How\
        can we add to the race relations discussion. Filmmaker, Polly
        Washburn, an attender at Mountain View Meeting, will be our resource
        person. Junior\
        and Senior Young Friends from all Colorado Regional Meeting
        meetings are\
        invited to an overnight at the Boulder Meetinghouse on Saturday,
        April 25.

    4.  The play **Tribal Tales** will be presented May 1 & 3, 2015 at
        the Cottonwood Center for the Arts Theatre. This play is a
        parody about violence in the Old Testament and addresses the
        issue of peace in the Middle East. More to follow as the date
        approaches.

    5.  April potluck will be April 5. Emily Temple is a member of
        FCNL's General Committee and plans to share with us about FCNL's
        work, activities, advocacy, how CS Friends can become involved.

    6.  There will be a **350 Colorado Springs** pot luck on April 11
        from 5-8 at the meeting house. The number 350 means climate
        safety: to preserve a livable planet, scientists tell us we must
        reduce the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere from its current
        level of 400 parts per million to below 350 ppm. The
        organization believes that a global grassroots movement can hold
        our leaders accountable to the realities of science and the
        principles of justice. That movement is rising from the bottom
        up all over the world, and is uniting to create the solutions
        that will ensure a better future for all. More information to
        follow.

    7.  During the **May 3 potluck** we will be visited by a
        representative AFSC. More to follow.

    8.  The **FGC Gathering** will be at Western Carolina
        University, Cullowhee, NC, July 5-11, 2015. More information can
        be found at <http://www.fgcquaker.org/connect/gathering>

    9.  **Opportunity for Friends to get involved:** The Sunrise Garden
        project will use existing community gardens in Colorado Springs
        as Horticultural Therapy Gardens to unite counseling, case
        management, and community members with individuals experiencing
        homelessness. Sunrise Garden will not only improve upon the
        wellness of participants, but also achieve restoration of the
        land, increased sense of community, and provide nutritious and
        accessible food and tangible gardening skills for individuals
        who are most in need. Located along the 'Homeless Corridor',
        this project will engage individuals experiencing homelessness
        by sheer proximity and convenience - providing a new, accessible
        and productive outlet for them to spend their mornings.
        Gardening will give the homeless a sense of belonging and
        contributing to our community while bringing meaning, value,
        dignity, and self-respect to their lives. Simultaneously, a case
        manager and licensed counselor will provide more intensive
        services on an individual basis as they work their way
        throughout the garden.

2.  Closing: Meeting was closed with silence at 12:27 PM

Submitted by [Bill Werling][BillWerling]

Recording Clerk

