Date: 2015-01-18T11:35:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[JonathanMcPhee]: /Friends/JonathanMcPhee
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[NancyAndrew]: /Friends/NancyAndrew
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
## Colorado Springs Friends Meeting
Eighteenth day of the first month, 2015

In Attendance: [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Bill Werling][BillWerling], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck], 
[Jonathan McPhee][JonathanMcPhee], [John Robey][JohnRobey], [Bill Durland][BillDurland] , and [Genie Durland][GenieDurland] 

Meeting opened with silence at 11:35 followed by the following reading from Faith and Practice: 

*For it is the corporate Truth or Light for which Friends labor together, not 
the proof or justification of the rightness of any particular position* (Barney Aldrich, p. 119).  

*I always go to the monthly meetings because if I don’t, they usually end up 
doing some darn thing or other.* (Nancy Springer, p. 119).

1.  Acceptance of minutes:
    Twelfth month: not approved due to oversight, to be addressed next month.

1.  Reports

    1.  **Ministry and Oversight Committee**: did not meet. 

    1.  **Meeting House Committee**: Minutes accepted. **Summary**: Refinancing 
        our mortgage will be an ongoing discussion for some time.  We will need 
        to refinance before we have a "balloon" payment in 2016 or 2017.  [Ann] 
        will get us the dates and numbers we need to start having serious 
        conversations with FGC and other lenders.  We also discussed the idea 
        of borrowing money in addition to what is owed on the mortgage so that 
        we could build an addition to include bathrooms, a kitchen and storage. 
        We have many considerations.  Please send your thoughts to [Ann][AnnDaughtery] 
        or bring them to the committee.  The committee meets at 9AM at the meeting 
        house on the second Sunday. At the committee meeting there was also discussion 
        about grants for larger projects at the meeting house.  The FGC Meeting House 
        Fund has grants for greening the meetinghouse and we received one to replace 
        the heater.  A possible future grant request would be to replace the doors 
        of the meeting house so that they are easier to operate and more weather proof 
        and redo the foyer.  

    1.  **First Day School** – no report

    1.  **Finance Committee**: the minutes and financial reports were accepted with 
        many thanks. [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck] reviewed year-end financial statements. 
        At their monthly meeting, the Finance Committee discussed the calculation of funds 
        available for budget needs.  Currently, the Meeting has $1,400 from year-end donations 
        available for budget allocation.  A decision was made to allocate thoughtfully, since 
        some pledge monies, now at $910 per month, are likely to be received as annual rather 
        than monthly contributions.  Given this consideration, it was proposed that the budget 
        for 2015 should remain in its reduced form (as presented at the December 2014 business meeting), 
        and the $1,400 allocated conservatively.  For travel to IMYM, $415 would be allocated 
        to Travel Reserve.  Another $50 would be placed in Emergency Reserve.  Any balance 
        not needed for January expenses would be put into the Mortgage Reserve.  The Finance 
        Committee requested approval of this decision. The business meeting approved this request.

    1.  **Library**: No report

    1.  **Nominating Committee**: Nominating committee did not report, however, there is a 
        dire need of another person to be on the Finance Committee (contact [Molly][MollyWingate] 
        if interested - molly@wingate-consulting.com ). Also, [Bill Durland][BillDurland] will 
        be leaving the M&O Committee (as he was on the committee in an interim basis only). 

    1.  **Peace and Justice Committee**: There was discussion on how the Meeting should 
        respond to the NAACP bombing.  The possible options discussed were meeting to 
        discuss this issue (and related issues), officially expressing our willingness to 
        provide support as needed or standby and await any request for assistance from 
        the NAACP as [Bill Durland][BillDurland] has already contacted them.

1.  Old Business – items listed in the announcements were discussed.

1.  New Business – none discussed.

1.  Announcements

    1.  February potluck will be February 1.  [Genie][GenieDurland] will facilitate a discussion
        on the queries related to the IMYM Minute on the Rights of Indigenous
        Peoples.  This is an important topic, and we hope that we can have good
        sharing on this topic.  [Lisa][LisaLister] will send the queries out in advance of
        potluck.

    1.  Formation of adult education book study and discussion group.  We are
	proposing that we start with The Essential Elias Hicks.  [Bill][BillDurland] and [Genie][[GenieDurland]
	will facilitate the discussion.  After an informal poll was taken about
	best times to meet, it was determined that after meeting on the 2nd Sunday
	of each month works for most.   The first meeting, therefore, will be
	March 8.  The book is available for $13.50 from Amazon, or $15 from the FGC
	bookstore.   Please RSVP to durlandwe@gmail.com if you will be attending.

    1.  [John Robey][JohnRobey] needs a ride to the Meeting House each Sunday through at least
	the end of February.  There is a sign-up in the Meeting House.

    1.  There will be a presentation titled Conflict in the Middle East by Nidal
	Alfarajin who lives in a refugee camp near Bethlehem on February 2, 2015
	at the Colorado College Worner Center WES room at 902 N. Cascade Ave,
	Colorado Springs 80903.

    1.  The play Tribal Tales will be presented May 1, 2015 at the Cottonwood
	Center for the Arts Theatre.  This play is a parody about violence in the
	Old Testament and addresses the issue of peace in the Middle East. More to
	follow as the date approaches.

    1.  IMYM is in need of the Clerk, YFM Coordinators and the Kitchen Liaison (Contact
	Sarah sarahkc48@gmail.com if interested in the IMYM positions)

    1.  Boulder Meeting will host Colorado Regional on April 26, 2015 with an
	overnight for the Junior and Senior Young Friends on the night of April 25. 
        We will have worship, potluck and a program. Topic:  Developing a Quaker 
        Response to the New Jim Crow: How can we add to the race relation discussion.  
        We suggest people see the film Selma and read The New Jim Crow: Mass 
        Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness by Michelle Alexander in preparation.

1.  Closing: Meeting was closed with silence at 12:44


Submitted by [Bill Werling][BillWerling], Recording Clerk


