====================================================
Minutes Meeting for Worship for Business August 2012
====================================================
:Date: $Date: 2012-08-19 11:26:48 +0000 (Sun, 15 Jul 2012) $

Attendance: `Julie `_, `Larry `_, `Carlton `_, `Joyce`_, `Molly `, 
`Ann`_ , `Bill`_, `Genie`_  

Clerk sit in silence ready for watching for the spirt as do we business.

1. Approval of July Minutes

   Minutes accepted with `Bill`_ additions.

2. Cash Flow Report

   Beginning balance 7/1 Ent 3,9  752.88, from that amount made mortgage
   payment, `Molly`_ and `Sarah 753.88 3,346.89. Susan 533.60 earned 
   33.85 in Susan B. Anthony. Other reserves 5976, 3314.53 in other 2,908.14 at
   Ent. Friends Friducity $$$ , Calver, 10.00 total in building fund of XXX.xx

   Question: Building fund doesni't reflect roofing cost? No, payment happened
   in August, reporting July 1-31st. `Larry`_ voluteer? Second Thursday of every
   month to the Building meeting home. One concern is the aucoteics, meeting
   any ideas. Email  

   Cash flow report accepted. `Julie`_ comment very nice is that cash flow is
   positive. 

3. Committee Reports:

   a. Finance Committee

      `Sarah`_ has been analyzing utilities were increasing but `Ann`- checking 
      accounting is increasing and good metric for guaging the if we can live
      within in our means. The Roofer was paid last week $752.32 instead of a 
      $1,000. `Ann`_ is waiting for answer from the roofer if Ann bought a 
      mail box. We have already paid for the post office box until December but 
      we will change all mail to the Meeting House. 

      Gutters have been purchased and installed is a gift from `Ann`_ that `Molly`_
      gratefully noted to Business Meeting. 

      Upcoming expenses, `Building Committee`_ really wants electronic outlets in
      Basement for `Young Friends`_. Add two outlets in the Basement, the Electrian
      will be running metal conduit to the basement, permit, fees, labor and 
      equipments $435. The gas heaters in the bathrooms are not safe convert to
      electric, labor materials $735, both $1,170. Question about if safe heaters
      blow out circut for basement If and we remodal. No heat in the basement?
      If in and when we replace heaters in a remodal, extension reconfigured the
      bathrooms in the addition. We could also put a bathroom in the basement
      for first day school? Put in money that we later tear-down during a remodel. 

      Gas heating verse electric heating and because we store chemicals that work
      better with constant. Gas heater's vent is not safe, single and to bring up
      to code would cost more than replacing nothing about the gas heaters are 
      up to building code.

      How to Friend's feel about the suggestion? In agreement. Question about adding
      more boxes in the main Meeting room? Smarter to the `Julie`_ will give `Ann`_ her
      electricain. Problem we don't have the crawl conduit work in the Meeting House?
      Can it be run outside? We are dealing with asebotes in the sidin? Outlet along
      the four walls? There is a panel. One on each wall? Accessable to whatever they
      do. `Ann`_ will get with both electrian. Might need to he ...

      Clerk proposes that the two outlets in the basement and electrial , `Ann`_ will
      ask. We are not in danger of blowing up the outlets and heater.  

      Do we accept the Fiance Committee's as accepted? Yes.
				
   b. Nominating Committee
   
      No report

   c. Ministry and Oversight
   
      no report
      Question from Clerk? Sharry McMan is a member. She may be able to attend at 
      Building? Wonder if committee has reached out to her? M&O has completed all
      phone calls. Summarize at next Business Meeting. 

      `Julie`_ better described as Mission Statement Ministry and Oversight, 
      August 27 at 3pm, all 
      welcome. Last Monday at the Month. Downstairs, where they should meeting? 
      All things August 27th at Durland's, possible shift to Meeting House.
      

   d. Education Committee
   
      No curriculum for summer.  Please sign up to play 
      games with the kids and kids of visitors.

   e. Adult Education and Action.a
 
      Joyce, Genie, and Jeremy. Ready to start classes again. Second
      Sunday of each month will have Adult Education. This year we 
      will use ASFC's new study-guides on the Quaker Testimonies. 
      One testomily every mouth. 

      First meeting in September on the Second First Day and plan
      with will be testomines booklet 
       
      Recorder will send out an email the Library should order some more.
      Library Joyce, Education of expensives Adult Education will meet
      downstairs. Is Joyce authorized to order a couple for the library?
      Yes. Genie is also liason with FSNL and ASFC, responibilites 
      with action items and ASFC liasion new under Lucy Duncan. Since our
      committee of Adult Education and Action. Actions by ASFC will come
      through Adult Education and Action will be bring up.

      Question by Bill to AE&A planning on outward reach. Have some 
      ideas with outside speakers that are relevant to the testomnies.
  
      Do Friends accept report from AE&A?  

   f. Meeting Home

      Next Sunday scrape and paint window siles, housekeeping, and weed 
      removal. Irration is ready to provide water. Outstanding projects
      for contractors is to fix aeostics. Gavin's recommends to bring
      in an aesotics engineer with knowledge of modern sound, guiding 
      princples maintain aesatics of space. Electricy maters recommends
      we spend $1,100. Daniel is trusted to repair bathroom's wall after
      new electric heaters. 

      Heater. Repair first heater is 700 to 1,000. Housing Committee 
      doesn't recommend to repair first heater because of age and lack 
      of materials. Do we want to get a full ... Grant application 
      to Friends for new heater and AC. Genie have working one heater
      wait until cold weather, if it not, we could use a space heater in that
      area without a heater. It may well be sufficient for the time being?
      Installation of ceiling fans? Space would be signicantly more attractive
      to rent out with AC such as Weddings. Molly in Meeting House during the 
      July in 3pm and the heat. Molly got a bid for insulation in attic is 
      $1400. All buildings lose heat through roof. `Carlton`_  mentioned
      that installing insulation a top priorty. `Ann`_ asked about FGC grant
      is for the heater? The only thing Meeting Home recommends is the 
      electrical repair. If we can wait until we hear about the grant result.
     
      Molly thanks Business Meeting.  

      Pending Projects.

      Windows for the Basement - Daniel working on opening windows. Increase 
      window well. Electrical outlets around the Meeting House. Move Fence to 
      access backyard and bathrooms. Spider problem seems have taken care of 
      itself.

      Lisa is workig on the sign. Friends accept and thanks committee for their
      report. Bill and Carlton thanks the Housing Committee efforts on the buildings
      Molly said that the Meeting House reward, Meeting awarded Molly for this as
      the clerk. Pearl of the Meeting House while Molly may the sand. Molly encouages
      Friends to utilize the space. Encourage people to have committee meetings.
	
   f. Fundraising Ad Hoc Committee

      Lisa, Molly, Bill Werling, and Ann. Business Meeting approve? Yes. Committee
      was wondering if we can apply to FSC for $5000 for new HVAC? New HVAC will be
      robost to handle any new November, since having heat is an urgant. Lisa has 
      offer to write a draft of the grant? Asked for approve, yes. 

      `Bill`_ said that committee instead of ad hoc? As an all call committee and being
      sub-committee of `Finance Committee`_. Yes.

      Would like to raise money for small projects around the meeting house? Fund the 
      prosed. Seeking a matching grant of $2,000 and draft letters to other Quaker 
      Meetings around the country? Approved. Sent a request to Ft. Collins meeting for
      the matching grant for a total of $5,000. Ask some contribution of member's 
      contributions as part of the fundrising of matching. Rule of thumb, one and half
      times as part of matching grant. Norma Price had a matching grant $2,000 and 
      Meeting raised $5,000. Friends can designate portion of contribution towards
      matching grant. 

      These efforts will not raise for money for the addition total $33,000.    


4. Old business
   
   a. Greeters at meeting

      Ann volutuner as a greater. Did Ann greet anyone? Yes, one person. Is this
      an adouted. This is for late attenders. One thing discussion of M&O about
      later attenders. Nice to hear about less that regular attenders arrive on
      time. 40-60% come late. Half meeting Quakers. There are kinds of reasons
      for the meeting to considerate about late attenders. Ask about greeters.

      Address change on documentations, including book stamps. At the very
      least, the welcoming material be reprinted, prehaps new labels with 
      print over existing stamps. Library go ahead a new stamp. 

      In Tempe, greeters came a few minutes early and introduce service 
      along with made point to talk with newcommers after Meeting for 
      Worship is completed. M&O asked to figure out details of 
      to consider our greetings and how we do it? No official opener for
      the meeting. 15 or 20 minutes early to open up. Key is here at the
      Meeting House. San Franscio meeting, during the Gulf War many attenders.
      Eduation. Greeter could do. Welcome packet include tract Guidelines for
      Vocal Ministry. Give to M&O to review and update and make it our? Put 
      in welcome folder. Prehaps also include testominies booklet. 

      Ann mentioned that late attenders cannot sit for 30 minutes. What is done
      in other meetings. Personal information shared with M&O be very helpful,
      M&O could take Friends. If Attenders or Members need special accometions 
      notify M&O. 

	
5. New Business
   
   a. Open house for neighbors and wider community. Saturday in September 
      Ann would have access to send out letters to neighbors. September 
      22nd first day of Autumn, `Carlton`_ mentioned that wee.
      Should we have find out a good date for Friends not present.

      What about October Saturday the 13th? 2-4pm? Yes. `Ann`_ volunteer to 
      send out blank postcards? Invite JSP, other churches, we don't need to have
      program and `Julie`_ will work on the food. `Joyce`_, `Julie`_ and `Ann`_ 
      and `Genie`_. People sign up to bring food. Oct. 13th. 

   b. Helen Knutson member living in Wyoming. Ann Grant will meet Helen half 
      way to pick up Roz's members. Rings can be sold for $200, recommendation we
      sell rings we use the money to get a comfortable chair for the library. 

6. Announcements

   Colorado Regional Meeting will be in Estes Park (October 19-21) is going to 
   focus on the diversity in our own spiritual community as Quakers...  
  
   "How do you experience living a spirit-led life?  Would you be willing to 
   share your experience?  How would you be willing to share it? Would you 
   be willing to be interviewed?  Do you express your spirituality creatively
   ... e.g., music, dance, other ways?"
 
   You will soon be able to find the registration form at IMYM.org under the 
   Colorado Regional folder.
 
   Is the Meeting House available for Peace attenders to stay overnight. Genie
   will get exact dates or even if there is a need for sleeping space. About 
   30 people, maybe 10 or half need sleeping space. More details coming.  

7. Meeting closed in silence at 1:08pm


.. _Ann Daugherty: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _Bill: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Bill Durland: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Carlton Gamer: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _Daniel: /Friends/DanielKidney/
.. _Genie: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Genie Durland: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Jeremy: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Jeremy Nelson: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Joyce: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Joyce Doyle: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Lisa: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _Sarah: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/

