Finance Committee Minutes
=========================

March 15, 2012 at 5:15 at The Herman Group offices
--------------------------------------------------

Present: Sarah Callbeck (Clerk and Bookkeeper), Ann Daugherty and Lisa
Lister (Treasurer and Recorder).

Ann brought us up-to-date on the status of the Cimarron property, the
details of which will be discussed in Business Meeting. We discussed how
to get the check to the title company, since we do not yet have the
final figure and closing date is uncertain. Instead of waiting for a
call, and then having to scramble to get it there in time, Sarah will
wire over \$40,000 early in the week so it is ready and waiting. After
closing, the title company will write us a check for any portion not
needed. We discussed the following question, which should be brought to
Business Meeting: When do we need to notify the Pride Center that we
will no longer be paying rent? Although we do not believe that we have
any kind of written rental agreement, we feel it would be nice to give
them 30 days notice and perhaps pay rent for April, even if we depart in
March. We are under the impression that their budget is tight.
Quickbooks for the Meeting has been ordered by Sarah and has arrived.
She will be setting up the Meetingâ€™s books as she has time. Email
assessment letters will be emailed to members in April. National
Distributions are this month. Lisa will update the list and bring copies
to Business Meeting. If you are planning to attend IMYM and need travel
assistance, please send your request to Lisa Lister as soon as possible.
The registration deadline for IMYM is April 24, but you will need to
know before registration how much the Meeting can contribute, so you
then ask for additional help from IMYM if needed. Lisa would appreciate
receiving requests by April 1. Last year we were able to offer \$50 per
person assistance from the Meeting. We hope to be able to offer more
this year. Please do not let lack of money impede you from attending if
you have a strong desire to attend.

In the Light, Lisa Finance Committee Recorder
