Date: 2015-05-01T11:20:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaBeckrich]: /Friends/LisaBeckrich 
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback

# Meetinghouse Committee Report 
## May 2015

Members: [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], 
[Phil Friesen][PhilFriesen]

Our meeting was preempted by a flood.

We received $1000 from the Friends General Conference meetinghouse fund
to replace the windows in the basement.

We are contending with the flooding in the basement. It will probably be
a big project that must be done by professionals. We are seeking
opinions, bids and insurance information.

We ask that Friends to help out when we have emergencies. Help can be as
simple as making phone calls to contractors or other Friends, being
available to open the meeting house for people to work on the building,
lending tools, organizing a work crew, or picking up a tool at the time
of the emergency. If you are willing to receive a phone call to help
out, please send tell [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] and tell her the best way to contact
you and what you are willing to do.

We think we need to establish an ongoing relationship with someone to be
our emergency responder and handyperson. The committee has done well so
far, but we have clearly reached out limit. We need to discuss whether
this person must be insured. Such an agreement will bring costs, so we
wonder if Friends are willing to increase their support of the meeting.

We have been asked to write up a procedure for outside groups using the
meeting house. We would like to describe the current procedure for
Friends to consider.

Outside groups must share our values, or at least most of them.

Outside groups are asked to make a good will donation to the meeting. If
the group is a non-profit organization, they may use the building for
free.

Outside groups meet with a member of the meeting before the date of the
event to make all arrangements.

The meeting does not set up, tear down, or provide any technical support
for users of the building, nor is anyone from the meeting required to be
present.

Members of the meeting who use the meetinghouse for their businesses
donate 10% of their gross income to the meetinghouse.

All groups must schedule their use of the meetinghouse through Ann
Martin or our online Google calendar.

All groups are welcome to use our tea and coffeepots with a goodwill
donation. If refreshments are part of the program, then the group must
provide their own food and serving implements.

All groups must return the meetinghouse to the state they found it each
time they use it. This includes replacing furniture, removing garbage
and doing dishes.
