Date: 2016-04-10T11:25:00

[AnnDougherty]: /Friends/AnnDougherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[EllenCooney]: /Friends/EllenCooney
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[JulieRotenValdez]: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck

# MEETING FOR WORSHIP FOR BUSINESS

## 10th Day of Fourth Month

Minutes Present were: [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], [Julie Roten-Valdez][JulieRotenValdez], 
[Ann Grant–Martin][AnnGrantMartin], [Ellen Cooney][EllenCooney], 
[Nancy Andrews][NancyAndrews], [Ann Dougherty][AnnDougherty], [John Robey][JohnRobey], 
[Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck], [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate].

1.  The Meeting opened with silence and a reading on service from Faith & Practice.
    
2.  Minutes for the [third month 2016](/2016/3) were approved.

3.  Meeting House Committee Report: recently developed a to-do list which 
    includes sewer, grass mowing, cleaning day on the last Sunday of month, 
    weeding and gardening. We are asked to volunteer for mowing a month at a 
    time during the summer. July, August and September are still 
    open. Feel free to do weeding and gardening at any time. Report accepted.

4.  Ministry & Oversight Committee Report: The committee made the annual phone 
    calls to members and attenders and received good feedback about the Meeting, 
    including what they liked and ideas to improve.  Some of the feedback 
    received included thoughts about bible scripture, activism, resuming show and 
    tell sessions, Quaker Quest and Quaker 101. Report accepted.  

5.  Finance Committee Report:  Monthly utility budget payment is reduced to 
    $141.00 per month, travel funds are nearly exhausted for this year, the 
    committee recommends proceeds from the upcoming meeting yard sale be 
    used to replenish the travel fund with any excess rolling into next 
    year (approved), FGC meeting house loan application will be submitted 
    this month, we are saving money on the website costs, annual insurance 
    cost was reduced by $200, there was discussion about holding an amount 
    equal to our deductible in a sub account, in the future, 
    finance committee reports will continue to be emailed but not discussed in 
    detail unless there are questions. Report accepted.  

6.  Library committee Report: [Nancy][NancyAndrews] needs help or needs to be 
    released from the library position in the foreseeable future while she 
    focuses attention on her family’s needs in New Mexico. Please 
    help if you are willing and able. Report accepted. 

7.  Proposed minute to support Planned Parenthood was read. It will be 
    circulated to the meeting and seasoned until next business meeting. 

8.  New business: IMYM is in need of a historical archivist and a 
    clerk of Faith & Practice. [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] is our representative 
    to IMYM’s nominating committee and can provide more information or place 
    your name in the hat for you.

9.  Announcements: There is growing interest in use of the meeting house by 
    the community which helps our finances. However, we need someone else to 
    coordinate the use of the meeting house. 

    [Ann Grant-Martin][AnnGrantMartin] has done the job in addition to 
    M&O and both roles are too much. The state of 
    the Meeting report is due mid-May. The meeting closed in silence. 

Respectfully submitted,

[Julia Roten-Valdez][JulieRotenValdez]

Recording clerk

## APPENDICES:

Ministry and Oversight Committee Minutes, April 5, 2016

Present were [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson] 
and [Ann Grant Martin][AnnGrantMartin], Clerk

We met at [Carlton's][CarltonGamer] home and began with Spiritual Silence 
at 11:00. We had check-in and then reviewed the March minutes.

We have the intention of creating a document that describes the function of each of our 
Meeting's committees. We will work to complete that project.

Upon reviewing several Friendly Quaker calls we learned about various members’ concerns and 
requests. We heard that it would be good for our Meeting to choose one service project that 
most of us could support and participate in. It was suggested that we combine the 
Representatives/Committees of Peace and Justice, FCNL, and AFSC into one committee with one 
Clerk in order to be more effective. Another member would like more references to Bible 
scripture in our vocal ministries. There was a request for guidance in business practices and 
development. Please see a member of the M&O Committee to find out who you can help.

We will continue reviewing our Friendly Quaker calls at our next meeting, May 17th.

We closed at 12:05 with a period of Silence.

In the Light,                     

[Ann Grant Martin][AnnGrantMartin], Clerk

<hr>

### Finance Committee Meeting

#### Fourth Month, 5th day, 2016 

Present: [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck] (Bookkeeper, Treasurer, & Clerk) 
and [Lisa Lister][LisaLister] (Recorder) and [John Robey][JohnRobey] 
were in attendance. 

The meeting was held at the meetinghouse.

We opened with silence.

We carefully reviewed all financial reports for the period ending 
3-31-2016 and found all to be in good order:

*   Cash Flow Report 

*   Bank Balance

*   Ent Savings Detail Update

*   Current Month Planning of Available Funds

Our year-round "budget billing" utility payment will reduce this coming year 
to $141 a month (down from $144).

Approval requested:

Travel funds are depleted for this budget year, and we are not currently in a position to 
reserve funds for the future.  Because we feel it is important to help Friends with their 
travel requests when needed to attend yearly meeting, representative meeting, and 
regional meeting, we would like to suggest that proceeds from our upcoming yard/garage 
sale (to be organized by Holly) go into our Travel Fund account.  Would Friends approve 
this suggestion?

We also discussed the FGC Friends Meeting House loan application, which [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] 
is almost finished with.  [Lisa][LisaLister] will sign it and submit it to Friends 
General Conference this month.

We closed in silence.

[Lisa][LisaLister]

Recorder
