============================================
Minutes for Meeting for Worship for Business
============================================
:Date: $Date: 2012-12-16 11:22:00 +0000 (Sun, 16 December 2012) $

Present: `Genie Durland`_, `Lisa Lister`_, `Ann Daugherty`_, `Molly Wingate`_,
`Carlton Gamer`_, `Jeremy Nelson`_, `Bill Durland`_, `Sarah Callbeck`_, `Joyce Doyle`_, 
`Linda Seger`_. 

1. Meeting opened in silence. `Molly`_ are meetings for worship for business,
   considered the following queries from the Fort Collins Friends Newsletter  

   1. Are our monthly meetings held in the spirit of a meeting for worship in 
      which we, in love and mutual respect, seek divine guidance?

   2. How effectively do members of the meeting temper and strengthen 
      individuals our meetings for business lead to a corporate search for and revelation 
      of the Light? 

   3. As difficult problems arise, are we careful to meet them in a spirit of love and 
      humility with minds receptive to creative solutions?

   4. Do we avoid pressure of time, neither unnecessarily prolonging nor unduly 
      full discussion?  

2. Approval of November Minutes, thanks Lisa for taking minutes. The meeting approved the 
   minutes. 
 
3. Cash Flow Reports. `Sarah`_ presented, nothing particular remarkable in the checking 
   account. Try to keep $2,000 average in checking account. No activity in savings or
   reserves other than FGC grant deposited into building fund reserve. The other amount
   was other money designated for the building fund as a result of pledge letters. 
   $6,000 in building fund, total building $16,419.21, does not include checking. `Molly`_
   asked about if the $6,000 included in $16,419.21? `Sarah`_ replied that the $16,000
   does not include the building fund. Approved by the Meeting. 

3. Clerk’s report:
   I am happy to say that our first Show and Tell went very well.  
   About a dozen people gathered and heard about `Carlton`_'s, `Linda`_'s, and 
   `Molly`_ work. 

   We will be having a Christmas Eve meeting for worship on December 24 at 5 PM.
   `Ann Grant Martin`_ will be leading Christmas Carols at the meeting. `Molly`_
   will be candles.

4. Committee Reports:

   a. Finance Committee – reports sent out. `Sarah`_ sent around a job description of the
      for the bookkeeper's part-time position. `Sarah`_ putting in financial information 
      into the QuickBooks, keeping this updated will be easier than she thought. 
      `Sarah`_ will accept the bookkeeper's position upon the recommendation of the 
      Lisa and Ann. She will just accept what is on the sheet and keep within in the budget.
      Meeting wholeheartedly agreed and welcome `Sarah`_ to her new role.
       
      The Finance Committee seeks approval of the proposed 2012-2013 budget. At this point 12,000 
      pledged for 2013, we are in process of paying down that will affect the cash flow including
      the mortgage and insurance reserve. Insurance is on the budget twice; once for the reserve
      and the bookkeeping entry. We made it through 2012, with only $2,000 deficit for 2013. 
      `Molly` thanks Finance committee for the proposed budget, it looks like the Meeting will be
      able to stay within the budget. `Sarah`_ also noted that we have been under $175 for 
      $176.30 deficit per month, `Sarah`_ hopes that we can make that in rental income. Budget 
      approved with appreciation for all the Finance Committee's hard work.       

      Striving for a six month mortgage and utilities permanent reserve. Trying to keep $2,000 
      checking balance. Reminds members and attenders that at end of year donation.

      Suggestions for local distributions. We have $100.00 New Foundations, proposed we send $25

      1. New Foundations
      2. TESSA
      3. American Friends Service Committee Colorado
      4. Pikes Peak Justice and Peace Commission

      i. Fund-raising Committee (ad hoc)
         We are preparing a fundraising and thank you letter to meeting
         who have already supported us.  The letter will go out in January.

      Meeting approved distribution. Finance committee's report approved. 

   b. Nominating Committee – `Bill Werling`_ happly announced that Lisa
      will become the librarian. `Genie`_ and `Bill Werling`_ looking for
      new treasurer. `Julie Rooten-Valdez`_ has expressed interest to 
      joining `M&O`_, nominating committee will go through the process. 
      Report accepted by the meeting.

   c. Ministry and Oversight – Quick a report, conducted M&O. Attached 
      Coloradans for Alternatives to the Death Penalty, removed statement by 
      of life imprisonment without the chance for parole. `Molly`_ mailed 
      print copy of approved. `Bill`_ read statement:

      1. Do we support this statement as a minute? After question from 
         `Carlton`_, statement accepted as a Minute. `Genie`_ and 
         `Jeremy`_ will coordinate formal submission. `Bill`_ has volunteered
         to be the contact for Coloradans for the Abolition of the Death 
         Penalty. `Bill`_ will be leaving `M&O`_ with `Ann Grant Martin`_ 
         replacing and `Ann`_ will be clerk. Report accepted by the Meeting.


   d. First Day School Committee - No Report.

   e. Adult Education and Action Committee - Announcement of the change of 
      schedule. `Molly`_ has put up a change jar the Mesa House. 

   f. Meeting Home

      1. Report about replacing the heater. `Ann`_ had an eMeeting with the 
         `Finance`_ Committee. What we expected in saving would take a 7 years
         to be offset costs. Two options were explored with 92% efficient furnace. 
         With support of `Finance`_ Committee will dip into reserve funds. With concern 
         expressed about the carbon footprint of A/C, Meeting Home recommends
         to just install new furnace with new insulation and ceiling fans. We
         may revisit this decision if lack of A/C detracts from renting Meeting
         House in the summer and may apply for further grant. Discussed were characteristics
         of fans including placement, appearances, and silence. 

         Does the Meeting trust the `Meeting Home`_ to make decisions regarding the 
         furnace, fans, etc.? 

         Hoping that any kind of furnace make a point to the installer that we prefer
         less noise the better. This can be a problem. Acoustics... Question about 
         the need for A/C? Last summer, the temperature was uncomfortable. This may change
         with ceiling fans and insulation. Friends come to consensus that we should 
         proceed with the 92% furnace, with insulation and fans. Thermostat and a timer
         for new furnace to minimize use during meeting for worship. Meeting Home will
         proceed immediately, `Ann`_ will contact electric, furnace, and insulation bid,
         heating and wiring as soon as possible. Approved.  

      2. Work day, December 23 at the rise of meeting

         a. First Day School is painting a mural downstairs

         b. Clean bathrooms, dust, vacuum/sweep and mop floors 
            up and downstairs


    g. Library Report, Meeting thanks `Joyce`_ for her report. The report includes donations
       for this year and for the past three years including purchased titles. Proposed that 
       inventory be made available on the website. `Molly`_ donated her new book and a folder
       about the process our Meeting has gone through to reach our new Meeting House. 

5. Old business

   a. Signs for religious education and bathrooms. Signs done but need to printed. 

   b. Do we need a "steward" of the building? Question should be put forward to nominating?
      Discuss with Peter, who has experience with previous stewardship, about responsibilities
      about heat and about managing renting Meeting House. Clerk asked that Nominating 
      Committee talk with Peter about getting a job description for Meeting consideration. 

   c. Status of property tax bill. Meeting received a tax bill that predates our purchasing the 
      home, but we still have to deal with the bill we have received.  

   d. Welcoming our Friend and visitor from Durango

   e. Status of new website? `Jeremy`_ asked to send around the link to the 
      new website for comments and calendar. Need PayPal integration testing.


   f. `Molly`_ encourage Friends to market Meeting House for occasional or
      regular use by other like-minded organizations and for weddings, etc.

6. New Business

   a. Colorado Springs will be the host of the Spring gathering of Colorado 
      Regional Meeting April 28th, 2013, so we might want to make some 
      preparations.

7. Announcements

   a. IMYM Continuing Committee, Tempe, AZ, January 11-13, 2013 more info:
      (`www.imym.org <http://www.imym.org/>`_)

   b. IMYM Annual Gathering Ghost Ranch, NM June 6-16, 2013. Check website
      for more information.

   c. Friends General Conference, Greeley, CO June 30-July 6th  (more info: 
      `www.fgc.org <http://www.fgc.org>`_)

   e. IMYM Directory available by request, 

      "One Meeting Clerk has asked me if it's ok to forward the 
      electronic copies to everyone on her Meeting email list. 
      Although this has not been discussed at Continuing Committee, 
      I suggested to her that that was not a good idea; it might be 
      interpreted as 'okaying' general distribution to those not members or 
      active attenders of Meetings. I suggested instead that we only send it 
      to individuals in each Meeting who request it."

      Ed Kearns, Chair, IMYM Directory Committee

      `Genie`_ requested a copy of the directory.

Closed with silence at 12:43 p.m.

Respectfully submitted in the light,

`Jeremy Nelson`_
Recording Clerk


.. _Ann: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _Ann Daugherty: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _Ann Margret: /Friends/AnnGrantMargret/
.. _Ann Grant Martin: /Friends/AnnGrantMargret/
.. _Bill: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Bill Durland: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _Carlton: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _Carlton Gamer: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _Daniel: /Friends/DanielKidney/
.. _Daniel Kidney: /Friends/DanielKidney/
.. _Genie: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Genie Durland: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _Ginger: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _Ginger Morgan: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _Jennifer: /Friends/JenniferRoberts/
.. _Jennifer Roberts: /Friends/JenniferRoberts/
.. _Jeremy: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Jeremy Nelson: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _Julie: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _Julie Roten-Valdez: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _Jonathan: /Friends/JonathanMcPhee/
.. _Joyce: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Joyce Doyle: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _Linda: /Friends/LindaSeger/
.. _Linda Seger: /Friends/LindaSeger/
.. _Lisa: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _Lisa Lister: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _Maria: /Friends/MariaMelendez/
.. _Martha: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _Martha Lutz: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _Molly: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _Molly Wingate: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _Nancy: /Friends/NancyAndrew/
.. _Sarah: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _Sarah Callbeck: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
