Date: 2012-12-16T11:22:00

Minutes for Meeting for Worship for Business
============================================

Present: [Genie Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Lisa
Lister](/Friends/LisaLister/), [Ann Daugherty](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/),
[Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/), [Carlton
Gamer](/Friends/CarltonGamer/), [Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/),
[Bill Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/), [Sarah
Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/), [Joyce Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/),
[Linda Seger](/Friends/LindaSeger/).

1.  Meeting opened in silence. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) are
    meetings for worship for business, considered the following queries
    from the Fort Collins Friends Newsletter

    1.  Are our monthly meetings held in the spirit of a meeting for
        worship in which we, in love and mutual respect, seek divine
        guidance?

    2.  How effectively do members of the meeting temper and strengthen
        individuals our meetings for business lead to a corporate search
        for and revelation of the Light?

    3.  As difficult problems arise, are we careful to meet them in a
        spirit of love and humility with minds receptive to creative
        solutions?

    4.  Do we avoid pressure of time, neither unnecessarily prolonging
        nor unduly full discussion?

2.  Approval of November Minutes, thanks Lisa for taking minutes. The
    meeting approved the minutes.

3.  Cash Flow Reports. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) presented,
    nothing particular remarkable in the checking account. Try to keep
    \$2,000 average in checking account. No activity in savings or
    reserves other than FGC grant deposited into building fund reserve.
    The other amount was other money designated for the building fund as
    a result of pledge letters. \$6,000 in building fund, total building
    \$16,419.21, does not include checking.
    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) asked about if the \$6,000 included
    in \$16,419.21? [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) replied that the
    \$16,000 does not include the building fund. Approved by the
    Meeting.

4.  Clerk's report: I am happy to say that our first Show and Tell went
    very well. About a dozen people gathered and heard about
    [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/)'s,
    [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/)'s, and [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/)
    work.

    We will be having a Christmas Eve meeting for worship on December 24
    at 5 PM. [Ann Grant Martin](/Friends/AnnGrantMargret/) will be
    leading Christmas Carols at the meeting.
    [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) will be candles.

5.  Committee Reports:

    a.  Finance Committee - reports sent out.
        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) sent around a job description
        of the for the bookkeeper's part-time position.
        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) putting in financial
        information into the QuickBooks, keeping this updated will be
        easier than she thought. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) will
        accept the bookkeeper's position upon the recommendation of the
        Lisa and Ann. She will just accept what is on the sheet and keep
        within in the budget. Meeting wholeheartedly agreed and welcome
        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) to her new role.

        The Finance Committee seeks approval of the proposed 2012-2013
        budget. At this point 12,000 pledged for 2013, we are in process
        of paying down that will affect the cash flow including the
        mortgage and insurance reserve. Insurance is on the budget
        twice; once for the reserve and the bookkeeping entry. We made
        it through 2012, with only \$2,000 deficit for 2013.
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) thanks Finance committee for the
        proposed budget, it looks like the Meeting will be able to stay
        within the budget. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) also noted
        that we have been under \$175 for \$176.30 deficit per month,
        [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) hopes that we can make that in
        rental income. Budget approved with appreciation for all the
        Finance Committee's hard work.

        Striving for a six month mortgage and utilities permanent
        reserve. Trying to keep \$2,000 checking balance. Reminds
        members and attenders that at end of year donation.

        Suggestions for local distributions. We have \$100.00 New
        Foundations, proposed we send \$25

        1.  New Foundations
        2.  TESSA
        3.  American Friends Service Committee Colorado
        4.  Pikes Peak Justice and Peace Commission

        i.  Fund-raising Committee (ad hoc) We are preparing a
            fundraising and thank you letter to meeting who have already
            supported us. The letter will go out in January.

        Meeting approved distribution. Finance committee's report
        approved.

    b.  Nominating Committee - [Bill Werling](/Friends/BillWerling/)
        happly announced that Lisa will become the librarian.
        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) and [Bill
        Werling](/Friends/BillWerling/) looking for new treasurer.
        [Julie Roten-Valdez](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/) has expressed
        interest to joining M&O, nominating committee will go through
        the process. Report accepted by the meeting.

    c.  Ministry and Oversight - Quick a report, conducted M&O. Attached
        Coloradans for Alternatives to the Death Penalty, removed
        statement by of life imprisonment without the chance for parole.
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) mailed print copy of approved.
        [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) read statement:

        1.  Do we support this statement as a minute? After question
            from [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/), statement accepted
            as a Minute. [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) and
            [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) will coordinate formal
            submission. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) has volunteered to
            be the contact for Coloradans for the Abolition of the Death
            Penalty. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) will be leaving M&O
            with [Ann Grant Martin](/Friends/AnnGrantMargret/) replacing
            and [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) will be clerk. Report
            accepted by the Meeting.

    d.  First Day School Committee - No Report.

    e.  Adult Education and Action Committee - Announcement of the
        change of schedule. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) has put up a
        change jar the Mesa House.

    f.  Meeting Home

        1.  Report about replacing the heater.
            [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) had an eMeeting with the
            Finance Committee. What we expected in saving would take a 7
            years to be offset costs. Two options were explored with 92%
            efficient furnace. With support of Finance Committee will
            dip into reserve funds. With concern expressed about the
            carbon footprint of A/C, Meeting Home recommends to just
            install new furnace with new insulation and ceiling fans. We
            may revisit this decision if lack of A/C detracts from
            renting Meeting House in the summer and may apply for
            further grant. Discussed were characteristics of fans
            including placement, appearances, and silence.

            Does the Meeting trust the Meeting Home to make decisions
            regarding the furnace, fans, etc.?

            Hoping that any kind of furnace make a point to the
            installer that we prefer less noise the better. This can be
            a problem. Acoustics... Question about the need for A/C?
            Last summer, the temperature was uncomfortable. This may
            change with ceiling fans and insulation. Friends come to
            consensus that we should proceed with the 92% furnace, with
            insulation and fans. Thermostat and a timer for new furnace
            to minimize use during meeting for worship. Meeting Home
            will proceed immediately, [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) will
            contact electric, furnace, and insulation bid, heating and
            wiring as soon as possible. Approved.

        2.  Work day, December 23 at the rise of meeting

            a.  First Day School is painting a mural downstairs

            b.  Clean bathrooms, dust, vacuum/sweep and mop floors up
                and downstairs

    > g.  Library Report, Meeting thanks [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/)
    >     for her report. The report includes donations for this year
    >     and for the past three years including purchased titles.
    >     Proposed that inventory be made available on the website.
    >     [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) donated her new book and a
    >     folder about the process our Meeting has gone through to reach
    >     our new Meeting House.

6.  Old business

    a.  Signs for religious education and bathrooms. Signs done but need
        to printed.

    b.  Do we need a "steward" of the building? Question should be put
        forward to nominating? Discuss with Peter, who has experience
        with previous stewardship, about responsibilities about heat and
        about managing renting Meeting House. Clerk asked that
        Nominating Committee talk with Peter about getting a job
        description for Meeting consideration.

    c.  Status of property tax bill. Meeting received a tax bill that
        predates our purchasing the home, but we still have to deal with
        the bill we have received.

    d.  Welcoming our Friend and visitor from Durango

    e.  Status of new website? [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) asked to
        send around the link to the new website for comments and
        calendar. Need PayPal integration testing.

    f.  [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) encourage Friends to market
        Meeting House for occasional or regular use by other like-minded
        organizations and for weddings, etc.

7.  New Business

    a.  Colorado Springs will be the host of the Spring gathering of
        Colorado Regional Meeting April 28th, 2013, so we might want to
        make some preparations.

8.  Announcements

    a.  IMYM Continuing Committee, Tempe, AZ, January 11-13, 2013 more
        info: ([www.imym.org](http://www.imym.org/))

    b.  IMYM Annual Gathering Ghost Ranch, NM June 6-16, 2013. Check
        website for more information.

    c.  Friends General Conference, Greeley, CO June 30-July 6th (more
        info: [www.fgc.org](http://www.fgc.org))

    d.  IMYM Directory available by request,

        "One Meeting Clerk has asked me if it's ok to forward the
        electronic copies to everyone on her Meeting email list.
        Although this has not been discussed at Continuing Committee, I
        suggested to her that that was not a good idea; it might be
        interpreted as 'okaying' general distribution to those not
        members or active attenders of Meetings. I suggested instead
        that we only send it to individuals in each Meeting who request
        it."

        Ed Kearns, Chair, IMYM Directory Committee

        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) requested a copy of the
        directory.

Closed with silence at 12:43 p.m.

Respectfully submitted in the light,

[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) Recording Clerk
