Date: 2014-10-19T00:11:23


[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[NancyAndrew]: /Friends/NancyAndrew
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business

## Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

Nineteenth day of the tenth month

In Attendance: [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson], [Bill Werling][BillWerling], 
[Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck], [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], [Bill Durland][BillDurland], 
[Genie Durland][GenieDurland] and [Nancy Andrew][NancyAndrew]

1.  Meeting opened with silence at 11:23 followed by the following reading from Faith and
    Practice: *The vitality of our meeting depends upon many and varied gifts of those who 
    take part in their activities. When each member and attender participates actively, the 
    whole meeting is enriched.  The Holy Spirit moves through us as we speak in meeting, 
    care for one another, teach First Day school, work on committees, and testify to our lives 
    in the Light. Each one of us has a responsibility for the financial support of the monthly 
    meeting as well as for participation in the structure and the function of its programs.  
    When deciding whether to accept a service to which one is nominated, Friends are 
    advised to understand the responsibilities required, to feel a leading to go forward, and 
    to be willing to grow into the task. A meeting functions best when its members take their 
    service to it seriously. Nominations are neither to be accepted, nor to be refused casually 
    (p. 122).*

    *Giving is not buying. God asks us to give because it is good for us, not because it is good
    for the person or cause to whom we give it. (p. 121)*

2.  Acceptance of minutes:

    **Ninth month**: approved


3.  Committee Reports:

    1.  **Ministry and Oversight Committee** - [Bill Durland][BillDurland] 
        presented his proposed new language for our meetings informational flyer.  
        It was determined that M&O had not reviewed the new language.  [Molly][MollyWingate] asked 
        that M&O review the language and then forward it to [Lisa Lister][LisaLister].  We 
        discussed sending the changes out to everyone once it has been reviewed by 
        M&O and the Clerk.

    2.  **Meeting House Committee** - [Molly][MollyWingate] indicated that the committee 
        is pursuing several bids for priorities that they have identified.  There was 
        discussion between [Molly][MollyWingate] and [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] about the 
        appropriate funding source for updating the electrical in the meeting house.  No 
        final decision was made, but [Molly][MollyWingate] did emphasize the time sensitive 
        need for the electrical being updated.

    3.  **First Day School** - [Molly][MollyWingate] reported that [John Gallagher][JohnGallagher] 
        has been teaching about Lucretia Mott out of prepared curriculum.  She further reported 
        that the instruction is fairly straightforward and additional assistance instructing would be 
        greatly appreciated.

    4.  **Finance Committee** - the minutes and financial reports were accepted with many
        thanks. [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck] indicated that donations increased in September, but she 
        expressed concern about the current status of the reserve funds.  She asked that 
        the meeting hold in the light the additional need for funds to increase our reserve 
        funds

        Balances Reported (end of September)

        *  Checking: **$430.68**

        *  Savings: **$7974.45**

        *  Building Fund: **$9348.50**

    5.  **Library** - The library committee report was accepted.  [Nancy Andrew][NancyAndrew] 
        reported that all of the Quaker books in the library have been catalogued. She is using 
        LibraryThing.com as the software to organize our library collection. You can now search 
        for books in our collection online (log in information shared with those that request it 
        from [Nancy][NancyAndrew]). There was discussion about the need to determine what the 
        focus or emphasis will be for the library. It was determined that this will be discussed 
        in November. There was also additional discussion about where to house the collection in 
        the meeting house and the possibility of eventually building permanent bookshelves.

    6.  **Nominating Committee**: Nominating committee will be gearing up year-end requirements for 
        new committee members.

    7.  **Peace and Justice Committee**: [Genie][GenieDurland] proposed that we support the New Sanctuary
        Movement.  It was the sense of the meeting that we would as a minimum that we could make the 
        New Sanctuary community a part of the life of our congregation (by keeping them in our 
        prayers) and then respond to our abilities if additional requests were made to the meeting. It was 
        decided that the information on the movement would be forwarded to Lisa Lister for 
        consideration and submitting the paperwork.

4.  **Old Business**

    **None were addressed**

5.  **New Business** 

    Our Western Friend subscription is expiring.  It was determined that we would 
    renew the subscription.

6.  **Announcements**

    *  Soup and Sharing at 6 PM Sunday, Nov. 9 at the home of [Lisa Lister][LisaLister]
       [Phil Friesen][PhilFriesen] at 815 Acadia Place. The plan is to share with each 
       other our thoughts on: Why am I a Quaker/ Why do I come to Meeting, and What has 
       Quakerism contributed to our Community, and other fundamental queries. If those 
       who attend conclude, after this session, that it would be well to offer a 
       two-evening Introduction to Quaker origins, values, processes and practices, 
       delving deeper into who we are, who we were and where we are going, we will do 
       it at a later date. At this point we need expressions of interest.

    *  Josh Ruebner will speak about Middle East peace on Monday, November 3
       7 pm in the Worner Center WES Room at Colorado College.

    *  Friends are welcome to use the meetinghouse during the week and to open it
       for Sunday worship. The key to the building is always available in the lock box on the 
       ladies' room door.  We have created a one-sheet set of directions for opening 
       and closing the building.  It is attached.  Call [Molly][MollyWingate], 
       [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty], [Bill Werling[BillWerling], Peter Le Var or 
       the Durlands for the code to open the lock box.

    *  Please put events at the meetinghouse on the paper calendar on the bulletin
       board and let [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] and [Ann Martin][AnnGrantMartin] 
       know.  [Molly][MollyWingate] will make sure the building is 
       heated, if needed.  Ann is the calendar keeper, and she will enter it on Google 
       calendar so the event will be listed on our website.  You can subscribe to get 
       reminders and updates automatically. 

**Meeting was closed with silence at 12:42**

Submitted by [Bill Werling][BillWerling], Recording Clerk
