Finance Committee Minutes
=========================

February 7 at 5:15 at The Herman Group offices
----------------------------------------------

Present: [Sarah
Callbeck](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/SarahCallbeck/)
(clerk), [Ann
Daugherty](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/AnnDaugherty/)
(Bookkeeper) and [Lisa
Lister](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/LisaLister/)
(Treasurer and Recorder) and [Ginger
Morgan](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/friends/GingerMorgan/)
(guest).

We were happy to have
[Ginger](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/GingerMorgan/) join
us, and we began the meeting in silence. Previously, the Meeting
approved the hire of part-time bookkeeping services to handle financial
record management for the Meeting, as there is no one within the Meeting
who is able to take on this role. Before this is done, however,
[Sarah](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/SarahCallbeck/)
believes that now is the right time to move our financial bookkeeping
from Excel to Quicken Books, as Excel for this purpose is no longer the
professional standard, and is quite awkward. It will also shorten the
amount of time a new bookkeeper will have to spend each month on our
books. [Sarah](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/SarahCallbeck/)
is willing to do the advance work to get the books set up properly in
Quicken, but the Meeting needs to approve the purchase of a license to
this software.

[Ann](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/AnnDaugherty/)'s work
life has been intensely busy and she is no longer able to handle
bookkeeper duties for the meeting. We thank her heartily for her
dedicated past work and we continue to appreciate her ongoing work as
the Meetingâ€™s realtor. Sarah will handle the preparation of financial
statements until a bookkeeper is hired.

The Finance Committee usually sends out print letters to alert members
that [IMYM](http://www.imym.org) and CO Regional assessments are due.
Some members include these assessments as a part of their monthly pledge
and some pay them separately. This year, will send an email out instead
of a print letter.

We ended the meeting with silence.

In the Light,

[Lisa](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/Friends/LisaLister/)

Finance Committee Recorder
