Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================

February 19, 2012
-----------------

In attendance: `Ginger Morgan`_ (clerk), `Carlton Gamer`_, `Sarah Callbeck`_, 
`Bill Durland`_, `Genie Durland`_, `Molly Wingate`_ , 
`Jeremy Nelson`_ (recording clerk), `Joyce Doyle`_, `Julie Roten-Valdez`_

1. Open Worship in Silence at 11:35am

   Ginger opened with the quote " it is inside ourselves that God learns" 

2. `January minutes`_ and `Special Meeting Minute`_ approved with slight 
   adjustments for typos (name corrections).
 
3. Cash Flow Report

   `Lisa`_ is ill and apologizes for not being at meeting. Current balance $5478 in
   checking account, about to pay assessments for 2012, $35 from IMYM 42 per 
   member and attender In the emergency reserve $589.00. Special one time 
   dividend  $25.03 from Ent, moved to emergency reserve. Total savings with 
   building Bottom line total $67,739. Thank-you for continued services by the 
   `finance committee`_ work.
  
4. Committee Reports

  a. **Finance Committee**
       
     Announcement and Recommendation regarding bookkeeping
        
     In minute `Ann`_'s work has increased when she first volunteered, no longer has time
     increased in amount of work made it difficult to focus and do her job as bookkeeper
     step down until Meeting can find someone to pay to be bookkeeper. In the last round
     of doing financial statements, `Sarah`_ realized that spreadsheets too complicated, 
     recommend using Quickbooks, much simpler, less time, and less money. `Sarah`_ brings forth
     proposal for Meeting to purchase Quickbook Pro 2012, she will set up accounts, current
     cost on Amazon is $135.99 per license. Is Quickbook Pro standard for bookkeepers? Yes,
     there is a non-profit but more expensive than just the straight Quickbook Pro version.
     Very usable, program. Only caveat is that every few years Quicken requires an upgrade.

     `Sarah`_ notified Meeting that she could no longer be bookkeeper but would clerk `Finance
     committee`_ and train `Ann`_ as a bookkeeper. Recommendation that Meeting contract for 
     Bookkeeper services. Budget will need to be reconfigured to reflect new service and Quickbook
     Pro license. Meeting returns matter to Finance committee for purchase Quickbooks and
     look for bookkeeper services. Finance go forward with revised budget and bring to the 
     meeting. Sarah will load 1st quarter into Quickbooks to see how long to generate financial
     reports, some time savings offset cost of software package. Meeting expresses gratitude 
     towards `Ann`_'s assistance and `Sarah`_'s continued assistance.

     Finance usually sends out notice about assessments instead of printed letter, will be sending
     out email instead. 

  b. **Ministry and Oversight**
  
     Reviewed customary duties of `M&O`_, `Ginger`_ sends email to friends for State of Meeting report. 
     Solicit Friends of meeting feel free to report how their life in the past year has been reflected
     in light of Quaker testimonies. Friends please report quaker engagement 
 
     `Dede`_ time is coming to an end, haven't been able to get an nurse to come. Trying to get a nurse, 
     need to find a nurse and needs hospice care. Molly talked with number of family members, both 
     Sarah and Dede with final requests, family liked that Meeting was a process for after her passing.
     Forms in clerk box? Not sure where location of clerk box, meeting will do search for clerk's box.
      
     Outreach to Jennifer (Tup's daughter) for memorial with M&O.
 
     Transfer of Membership for Deb Gimpelson to `Kapiti Monthly Meeting`_
     `Ginger`_ prepared transfer and Meeting commends transfer to Kapiti Monthly
     Meeting.
       
     Update on charge for proposed `Religious Education and Action Committee`_
     Discussed and ongoing conversation and further seasoning before being before
     Meeting, want to formalize and do something in the light. Bill will accept 
     clerkship with `M&O`_.
      

  c. **Meeting Home**
  
     Sent out minutes from Meeting committee, had a deep and meaningful conversation. 
     Assumes $476-500 monthly mortgage with 8% with 5 year balloon payment. Pay down the 
     principal or refinance. FGC will do 15-year mortgage.  

     Update on offer on 950 E. Cimmarron
     
     Interest in next door house, Meeting made an offer, expecting a counter-offer.
     Put some money down with Title company. Once a contract is signed, contact inspectors
     renovation option. How much can we change for how much, administrative overhead, will
     have at least a month to work out. We are anticipating counter-offer. Several stages 
     for Meeting to attend to process $35,000 down, $500 a month mortgage. Financing rate
     and the reminder, seller might carry mortgage. Counter-offer, series of due diligence and
     renovation of first-day space. Will building meet Meeting needs, want inspectors tell 
     us and prudent reserve what we continue to afford, 1 full year of expenses without any
     more contributions. $12,000 towards maintenance and renovation before needing further 
     fundraising. How much renovation can we do before triggering bringing building up to code,
     before we close need other elements in place including renovation and bringing building up to
     code. 

     Building approved original contract, a counter-offer brings new contract. If Ann and Bryan 
     approves counter, meeting approves counter-offer now during Business Meeting. Any concerns 
     about `Ginger`_ accepting a counter-offer with counsel, authorizing Clerk. We've been through this
     multiple times, go ahead. If Clerk has reservations, share with Friends through email along with
     expert councils. Clerk will feel quite free to share decision with meeting. Clerk fill confidence 
     of Meeting to go further. Sense of this meeting Clerk in consultation with wise friends and
     affiliated people, will provides with due care about this decision. Past experience has been
     good guide for the Meeting. 

     House next door, `Peter`_ and `Bill`_ looked for sale. $70,000 is 
     the current offer, owner almost sold but that large kitchen, indoor
     bathroom, garden space. Building in foreclosure, `Bill`_ would
     like to find out status of house. Area in Colorado Springs, prices 
     still down.     

  d. **Education Committee**
  
     Pending on what `M&O`_ decides about `Adult Education and Action`_ separate 
     from `First Day School`_.
      
     `Genie`_ agreed to be clerk for `Adult Education`_. Sense that things 
     may grow out of learning situation. Larger meetings have a program 
     hour, a lot of people stay about various programs. Wondering if program
     hour of interest to the Meeting? Also have a book study? Book study 
     a part of `Adult Education`_  Friends should bring suggestions to `Genie`_. 
     `Martha`_ and `John`_ will be getting together to figure out first day
     school programing.  

  e. **Library**
  
     Nothing to report.

5. Old Business

  a. Consideration of contract/offer made on 950 E. Cimmarron
     
     Discussed earlier in meeting.
     
  b. Other considerations (remodeling, adjacent property, etc.)
  
  c. Awaiting certificate of transfer for `Jeremy Nelson`_ from 
     `Salt Lake Meeting`_
  
  d. FCNL postponed, need to set time and strategy for FCNL discussion. `Genie`_ liaison,
     next pot-luck `Genie`_ and `Bill`_ will be Philadelphia. We need to submit preference by 
     middle of April. Two forth day Sunday's, and potluck in April. Call special after worship,
     how do Friends feel about a special meeting? Greater attendance at a potluck, send out email,
     recommendation April potluck to consider FCNL material to meeting annouce discuss at April
     potluck.

6. New Business

  a. Colorado Springs Quakers Website questions
  
     1. What aspects of the current website (/) do Friends like?
        Adult education and needs to update information. Material we share is up to date. Should be
        participatory and members without a gatekeeper functionality by Sarah and Jeremy.

        Sarah wish-list:
        
          a. Freeze banner a top instead of moving around.
       
          b. Member position of, how to update? With contact information?
       
          c. Create an administrator's manual. How to navigate or accomplish tasks on the website?
       
          d. Fix adding of new users functionality. Ann Martin, her password doesn't work. Administrator
             cannot change.
          
          e. Looking at reports business meeting, report tab. Post current year and have an archive of
             prior years. 

        Molly feels different about the look and stylish appearance, when she uses the site. 
        Likes that is user friendly,
        look forward to use calendar and checking. Likes basic information, links to other Quaker sites
        useful. How to post committee reports and minutes on website? Work with recording clerks. 

        Browsing about Colorado Springs Quakers? Searching with search engine, get search terms in website
        for higher Quaker Meetings, Friends in Colorado Springs. What is the situation about Friends Church
        compared to Quaker Meetings, Friends Church has dropped Religious Society of Friends, difference
        between the two. More people use internet to find our Meeting, Quaker Finder well-know, well-respected
        location for our meeting. List of sites for Meeting, make sure we are cross listed.

        First page needs to say what we are, simple explanition of who we are and what we stand for? Something
        from welcome packet, more buttons, about us the first, donation first item. News of the meeting. 
        What is on first page? What is central on front page? Meeting home picture on the first, news. Like buttons,
        add contacts, people tab with committee clerks and business information. Functionality for committee,
        FGC and IMYM memberships. 

        IMYM website, documents, contact people side links. Colorado Springs Friends Meeting is recent origin,
        but `Religious Society of Friends`_ goes back to the beginning of our founding. 

        Compress site, more information and side-bars for more information and live links. About us, keep website
        current, get people to do update. Glad to work corporally, impression that website is old. Molly quit updating
        content. `Joyce`_ searching organizational websites frustrating to see old content and not up-to-date. Upmost
        importance to keep website current, logistical difficulties. Some attention as a meeting, are there some
        things that we want to be stable and b) keep current with contact. See if continue to support and effort
        and improving website.

        Current site is pilot and needs updating.
  
    
  b. IMYM Directory of Adult members and attenders
  
     If Friends don't want to be included, must OPT-Out to `Ginger`_ or 
     `Jeremy`_. We will honor wishes of Friends.
     We will resend and update directory and then send to IMYM.
     
  c. IMYM 2012 Census
  
     `Sarah`_ would like to turn over census and email to `M&O`_, 
     leave for `Bill`_ and `Sarah`_ to work out.     
     
  d. Dedicate March potluck Daniel's graduation from CC? He is moving back to up state New York after graduation.
     `Martha`_ will inquiry which date is best for Daniel. 
     
7. Announcements

 
Closed in silence. 

Respectfully submitted in the light,

`Jeremy Nelson`_ 

Recording Clerk


.. _`Ann`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Ann Daugherty`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Bill`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Bill Durland`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Genie`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Genie Durland`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Carlton Gamer`: /friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Dede`: /Friends/Dede
.. _`Lisa`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Ginger`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Ginger Morgan`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Jeremy`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`Jeremy Nelson`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`John`: /Friends/JohnGallegar
.. _`Joyce`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Joyce Doyle`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Julie Roten-Valdez`: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _`Martha`: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _`Molly`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Molly Wingate`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Peter`: /Friends/PeterLeVar/
.. _`Sarah`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Sarah Callbeck`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`M&O`: /committees/MinistryAndOversight/
.. _`finance committee`: /committees/Finance/
.. _`January minutes`: /meetings/Business/2012/01/14/Minutes
.. _`Special Meeting Minute`: /meetings/Special/2012/01/19/Minutes
.. _`Adult Education`: /committees/REA/ 
.. _`Adult Education and Action`: /committees/REA/
.. _`First Day School`: /FirstDaySchool
.. _`Religious Society of Friends`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Religious Education and Action Committee`: /committees/REA/
.. _`Salt Lake Meeting`: http://www.saltlakequakers.org/
.. _`Kapiti Monthly Meeting`: http://quaker.org.nz/meeting/kapiti
