Date: 2012-02-19T11:35:48

Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================

February 19, 2012
-----------------

In attendance: [Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) (clerk), [Carlton
Gamer](/friends/CarltonGamer/), [Sarah
Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/), [Bill
Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/), [Genie
Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Molly
Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) , [Jeremy
Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) (recording clerk), [Joyce
Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/), [Julie
Roten-Valdez](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/)

1.  Open Worship in Silence at 11:35am

    Ginger opened with the quote " it is inside ourselves that God
    learns"

2.  [January minutes](/meetings/Business/2012/01/14/Minutes) and
    [Special Meeting Minute](/meetings/Special/2012/01/19/Minutes)
    approved with slight adjustments for typos (name corrections).

3.  Cash Flow Report

    [Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) is ill and apologizes for not being at
    meeting. Current balance \$5478 in checking account, about to pay
    assessments for 2012, \$35 from IMYM 42 per member and attender In
    the emergency reserve \$589.00. Special one time dividend \$25.03
    from Ent, moved to emergency reserve. Total savings with building
    Bottom line total \$67,739. Thank-you for continued services by the
    [finance committee](/committees/Finance/) work.

4.  Committee Reports

> a.  **Finance Committee**
>
>     Announcement and Recommendation regarding bookkeeping
>
>     In minute [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/)'s work has increased when
>     she first volunteered, no longer has time increased in amount of
>     work made it difficult to focus and do her job as bookkeeper step
>     down until Meeting can find someone to pay to be bookkeeper. In
>     the last round of doing financial statements,
>     [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) realized that spreadsheets too
>     complicated, recommend using Quickbooks, much simpler, less time,
>     and less money. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) brings forth
>     proposal for Meeting to purchase Quickbook Pro 2012, she will set
>     up accounts, current cost on Amazon is \$135.99 per license. Is
>     Quickbook Pro standard for bookkeepers? Yes, there is a non-profit
>     but more expensive than just the straight Quickbook Pro version.
>     Very usable, program. Only caveat is that every few years Quicken
>     requires an upgrade.
>
>     [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) notified Meeting that she could
>     no longer be bookkeeper but would clerk [Finance
>     committee](/committees/Finance/) and train
>     [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/) as a bookkeeper. Recommendation that
>     Meeting contract for Bookkeeper services. Budget will need to be
>     reconfigured to reflect new service and Quickbook Pro license.
>     Meeting returns matter to Finance committee for purchase
>     Quickbooks and look for bookkeeper services. Finance go forward
>     with revised budget and bring to the meeting. Sarah will load 1st
>     quarter into Quickbooks to see how long to generate financial
>     reports, some time savings offset cost of software package.
>     Meeting expresses gratitude towards
>     [Ann](/Friends/AnnDaugherty/)'s assistance and
>     [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/)'s continued assistance.
>
>     Finance usually sends out notice about assessments instead of
>     printed letter, will be sending out email instead.
>
> b.  **Ministry and Oversight**
>
>     Reviewed customary duties of
>     [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/),
>     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) sends email to friends for State
>     of Meeting report. Solicit Friends of meeting feel free to report
>     how their life in the past year has been reflected in light of
>     Quaker testimonies. Friends please report quaker engagement
>
>     [Dede](/Friends/Dede) time is coming to an end, haven't been able
>     to get an nurse to come. Trying to get a nurse, need to find a
>     nurse and needs hospice care. Molly talked with number of family
>     members, both Sarah and Dede with final requests, family liked
>     that Meeting was a process for after her passing. Forms in clerk
>     box? Not sure where location of clerk box, meeting will do search
>     for clerk's box.
>
>     Outreach to Jennifer (Tup's daughter) for memorial with M&O.
>
>     Transfer of Membership for Deb Gimpelson to [Kapiti Monthly
>     Meeting](http://quaker.org.nz/meeting/kapiti)
>     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) prepared transfer and Meeting
>     commends transfer to Kapiti Monthly Meeting.
>
>     Update on charge for proposed [Religious Education and Action
>     Committee](/committees/REA/) Discussed and ongoing conversation
>     and further seasoning before being before Meeting, want to
>     formalize and do something in the light. Bill will accept
>     clerkship with [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/).
>
> c.  **Meeting Home**
>
>     Sent out minutes from Meeting committee, had a deep and meaningful
>     conversation. Assumes \$476-500 monthly mortgage with 8% with 5
>     year balloon payment. Pay down the principal or refinance. FGC
>     will do 15-year mortgage.
>
>     Update on offer on 950 E. Cimmarron
>
>     Interest in next door house, Meeting made an offer, expecting a
>     counter-offer. Put some money down with Title company. Once a
>     contract is signed, contact inspectors renovation option. How much
>     can we change for how much, administrative overhead, will have at
>     least a month to work out. We are anticipating counter-offer.
>     Several stages for Meeting to attend to process \$35,000 down,
>     \$500 a month mortgage. Financing rate and the reminder, seller
>     might carry mortgage. Counter-offer, series of due diligence and
>     renovation of first-day space. Will building meet Meeting needs,
>     want inspectors tell us and prudent reserve what we continue to
>     afford, 1 full year of expenses without any more contributions.
>     \$12,000 towards maintenance and renovation before needing further
>     fundraising. How much renovation can we do before triggering
>     bringing building up to code, before we close need other elements
>     in place including renovation and bringing building up to code.
>
>     Building approved original contract, a counter-offer brings new
>     contract. If Ann and Bryan approves counter, meeting approves
>     counter-offer now during Business Meeting. Any concerns about
>     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) accepting a counter-offer with
>     counsel, authorizing Clerk. We've been through this multiple
>     times, go ahead. If Clerk has reservations, share with Friends
>     through email along with expert councils. Clerk will feel quite
>     free to share decision with meeting. Clerk fill confidence of
>     Meeting to go further. Sense of this meeting Clerk in consultation
>     with wise friends and affiliated people, will provides with due
>     care about this decision. Past experience has been good guide for
>     the Meeting.
>
>     House next door, [Peter](/Friends/PeterLeVar/) and
>     [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) looked for sale. \$70,000 is the
>     current offer, owner almost sold but that large kitchen, indoor
>     bathroom, garden space. Building in foreclosure,
>     [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) would like to find out status of
>     house. Area in Colorado Springs, prices still down.
>
> d.  **Education Committee**
>
>     Pending on what [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) decides
>     about [Adult Education and Action](/committees/REA/) separate from
>     [First Day School](/FirstDaySchool).
>
>     [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) agreed to be clerk for [Adult
>     Education](/committees/REA/). Sense that things may grow out of
>     learning situation. Larger meetings have a program hour, a lot of
>     people stay about various programs. Wondering if program hour of
>     interest to the Meeting? Also have a book study? Book study a part
>     of [Adult Education](/committees/REA/) Friends should bring
>     suggestions to [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/).
>     [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) and [John](/Friends/JohnGallegar)
>     will be getting together to figure out first day school
>     programing.
>
> e.  **Library**
>
>     Nothing to report.
>
5.  Old Business

> a.  Consideration of contract/offer made on 950 E. Cimmarron
>
>     Discussed earlier in meeting.
>
> b.  Other considerations (remodeling, adjacent property, etc.)
>
> c.  Awaiting certificate of transfer for [Jeremy
>     Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) from [Salt Lake
>     Meeting](http://www.saltlakequakers.org/)
>
> d.  FCNL postponed, need to set time and strategy for FCNL discussion.
>     [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) liaison, next pot-luck
>     [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) and [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)
>     will be Philadelphia. We need to submit preference by middle of
>     April. Two forth day Sunday's, and potluck in April. Call special
>     after worship, how do Friends feel about a special meeting?
>     Greater attendance at a potluck, send out email, recommendation
>     April potluck to consider FCNL material to meeting annouce discuss
>     at April potluck.
>
6.  New Business

> a.  Colorado Springs Quakers Website questions
>
>     1.  What aspects of the current website (/) do Friends like? Adult
>         education and needs to update information. Material we share
>         is up to date. Should be participatory and members without a
>         gatekeeper functionality by Sarah and Jeremy.
>
>         Sarah wish-list:
>
>         > a.  Freeze banner a top instead of moving around.
>         >
>         > b.  Member position of, how to update? With contact
>         >     information?
>         >
>         > c.  Create an administrator's manual. How to navigate or
>         >     accomplish tasks on the website?
>         >
>         > d.  Fix adding of new users functionality. Ann Martin, her
>         >     password doesn't work. Administrator cannot change.
>         >
>         > e.  Looking at reports business meeting, report tab. Post
>         >     current year and have an archive of prior years.
>         >
>         Molly feels different about the look and stylish appearance,
>         when she uses the site. Likes that is user friendly, look
>         forward to use calendar and checking. Likes basic information,
>         links to other Quaker sites useful. How to post committee
>         reports and minutes on website? Work with recording clerks.
>
>         Browsing about Colorado Springs Quakers? Searching with search
>         engine, get search terms in website for higher Quaker
>         Meetings, Friends in Colorado Springs. What is the situation
>         about Friends Church compared to Quaker Meetings, Friends
>         Church has dropped Religious Society of Friends, difference
>         between the two. More people use internet to find our Meeting,
>         Quaker Finder well-know, well-respected location for our
>         meeting. List of sites for Meeting, make sure we are cross
>         listed.
>
>         First page needs to say what we are, simple explanition of who
>         we are and what we stand for? Something from welcome packet,
>         more buttons, about us the first, donation first item. News of
>         the meeting. What is on first page? What is central on front
>         page? Meeting home picture on the first, news. Like buttons,
>         add contacts, people tab with committee clerks and business
>         information. Functionality for committee, FGC and IMYM
>         memberships.
>
>         IMYM website, documents, contact people side links. Colorado
>         Springs Friends Meeting is recent origin, but [Religious
>         Society of Friends](/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends) goes back to
>         the beginning of our founding.
>
>         Compress site, more information and side-bars for more
>         information and live links. About us, keep website current,
>         get people to do update. Glad to work corporally, impression
>         that website is old. Molly quit updating content.
>         [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) searching organizational
>         websites frustrating to see old content and not up-to-date.
>         Upmost importance to keep website current, logistical
>         difficulties. Some attention as a meeting, are there some
>         things that we want to be stable and b) keep current with
>         contact. See if continue to support and effort and improving
>         website.
>
>         Current site is pilot and needs updating.
>
> b.  IMYM Directory of Adult members and attenders
>
>     If Friends don't want to be included, must OPT-Out to
>     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) or
>     [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/). We will honor wishes of Friends.
>     We will resend and update directory and then send to IMYM.
>
> c.  IMYM 2012 Census
>
>     [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) would like to turn over census
>     and email to [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/), leave for
>     [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) and [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/)
>     to work out.
>
> d.  Dedicate March potluck Daniel's graduation from CC? He is moving
>     back to up state New York after graduation.
>     [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/) will inquiry which date is best for
>     Daniel.
>
7.  Announcements

Closed in silence.

Respectfully submitted in the light,

[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/)

Recording Clerk
