=========================
Finance Committee Minutes
=========================
June 4-6, 2012 by email
Present: `Sarah Callbeck`_ (Clerk and Bookkeeper), `Ann Daugherty`_ and 
`Lisa Lister`_ (Treasurer and Recorder).

GENERAL FUND:
-------------

Revised budget notes (see budget in attachment)

* Under Reserve Allocations, we have added "Savings" and "Other Reserves" to budget
  the amount we need to reserve for the insurance payment due next year. This is a
  transfer from checking to savings and not an expense but a movement of funds from
  one asset to another. It does, however, have an impact on cash flow. Once reserved
  we may not use the funds for any other purpose. The new account, Insurance, in the
  expense section, though a book entry only to record prepaid insurance consumed, has
  the effect of registering the impact on cash flow in the Net Budgeted Revenue line.

* There is now a new category for Liability Pay-Down with Mortgage (P&I) under it. The
  entire mortgage payment is in there until we receive an amortization schedule. When
  Mr. Barker provides that, `Sarah`_ will adjust Mortgage (P&I) to reflect only principal paid
  and move the interest paid to Mortgage Interest in the expense section.

Other new accounts under Expense are:

  1. Maintenance & Repair which will include the cost of any cleaning supplies, estimated at
     $100 for the time being. Future experience will help us refine this number.
     
  2. Supplies, Hospitality: estimated at $100 for the rest of the year.
  
  3. Utilities is estimated at $175/month for 7 months plus actual cost for April & May. In
     our discussion last month, `Sarah`_ said we should estimate utilities at $200 per month, but
     actual cost has made me optimistic.

2012 PLEDGES
------------
Pledges to building fund
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The Finance Committee hopes that those who have made pledges in 2012 designated for the
building fund will allow this money to go straight into the general fund. The general fund will
be used to pay for all things Meeting-related, including the mortgage.

WE’RE ON TRACK...
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
`Sarah`_ did quick estimates of revenue for both general fund and building fund actual donations
and compared them to where we theoretically should be at the end of 5 months. We are very
close to budgeted revenue in both funds.

...BUT HAVE A PROJECTED SHORTFALL
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The bottom line seems to be that we need all pay a bit more per month or 
we need to generate some income by renting out the space. Here are 
`Sarah`_'s calculations on our potential shortage for the rest of this year:

  1. No re-allocation means the deficit of $5,162.80 stands
  
  2. With total re-allocation the calculation is: $5,162.80 – ($2,143.76 – $1,146.51) =
     $4,165.55 net deficit for year, or $595.08 per month for June through December.
     The $1,146.51 is the BF donations received through April that were all applied to
     meetinghouse purchase and initial remodel expense, so are not available to apply
     towards mortgage.

BUILDING FUND:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
No changes have been made to this budget, though we have bought a building. I’ll wait to see
what those who have pledged want to do before adjusting anything.

MISCELLANEOUS:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
`Lisa`_ spoke with Ricky Barker about his preferences for receiving the mortgage check each
month. He is happy to continue to receive a check each month (rather than any kind of
electronic transfer).

This month is local disbursements.

Thanks to `Sarah`_ for her ongoing hard work, and for providing the correct wording for these
minutes!

In the Light,

`Lisa`_
Finance Committee recorder

.. _`Ann Daugherty`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Lisa`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Lisa Lister`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Sarah`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Sarah Callbeck`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
