===========================================================
Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================

June 10, 2012
-------------

In Attendance: `Ginger Morgan`_ (clerk), `Molly Wingate`_, `Martha Lutz`_, `Carlton Gamer`_, `Lisa `_
`Ann D`_, `Joyce`_, `Daniel K`, `Jennifer 

`Jeremy Nelson`_, 

1. Open Worship in Silence 11:42am

Thinking this morning of the practice of graditute, power spirtual practice aroudn perspectie.
How does it relate to Friends testimonies? Most obvious answer to Ginger graditute supports
simplicity. An acknowndlege of what is good, a letting go of what we don't have, kind of 
craving that Buddist. Graditute for what is good. Never made that connection, assocated
with graditude new age or 12 steps programs, new insight on how graditude supports simplicity.

2. Approval of May minutes
   Yes, any corrections or concerns? Minutes accepts from 5th Minutes for fifth month.

3. Cash Flow Report
   Questions or clarifactions? Beginning balance in May $3,544.27, deposited in May ^,586.03,
   transfer of $5,656.97 from Susan B. Anthony. Total outlays of $12,637.65. Present balacne
   3,074.62.
   
   Emergency Reserve ENT Credit Union $532.83, other reserves at ENT is 59.76. Current balance
   is 2,842.65. Reserve Fund at Friends Fiduciary is 2,715.26.  $305 in donations to General Fund
   and $75 for Building Fund.  

4. Committee Reports:

  a. Finance Committee
   
     i. Revised budget update

        The main reason to revise the budget was the new meeting house. Need to set certain set aside
        for insurance. The mortgage is a new account. Waiting for amazoration schedule from the lender,
        other new accounts are maintaince account, hospitialy supplies $100, utilities $175 a month based
        on actual cost.

        Finance committee report we are on track up-to-date, pledges and amount. We have a projected shortfall
        of $4,000 incoming although we have a prudent reserve to cover. We need to start figuring out to bring 
        in more funds from renting out space and/or increase in donations. Increase of expenses include
        additional $500 accounting services.

        Deepest graditude and especially to Sarah.


     ii. Dispersement recommendations

        Local distribution of $100.00 with the updated list. New Foundations Nonviolence Center hasn't had a donation
        since Feb 2008. Facility workships in Canon City. Good training for nonviolence. A lot of organizations
        that provide food, food supplies are running low. Food donations decrease in the summer. We have never given
        to Silver Key food bank. Ecumenical Services Ministries might know where need is greatest, they provide
        additional information on their services. Care & Share Food bank provides, split $100, 50/50 between Silver Key
        and Care & Share. 


  b. Nominating Committee
  
     i. Replacement for `Molly`_, `Jonathan`_ and `Molly`_ current members. `Molly`_ is standing down as she assumes
        Clerk duties. `Molly`_ service is opportunity for spirtual growth and service. Spirit will move. What is the 
        charge of the Nominating Committee? Find Friends to fullfill and match talents and experiences with opportunities
        for services. Let `Jonathan`_ know if you are interested. Question, can you have a committee with just one member?
        No, also committee member needs to be able to attend meeting. 

  c. Ministry and Oversight
  
     i.	`Val Phillips`_ transfer of membership. `Val`_ wants to transfer her membership from Mountain Friends to 
         Colorado Springs Meeting. She lives in Gardner, with intentional community and organic farms, not only
         Quakers there is a worship group under care of the Mountain Friends Meeting. 

         M&O hasn't had a clearness committee with `Val`_ but she has expressed interest. Need to have a clearnees
         committee to see the way clear for both `Val`_ and our meeting. `Bill`_ can schedule a clearness committee
         for `Val`_ to transfer, `Bill`_ and `Val`_ will come up with the clearness committee. M&O will make 
         recommendation if they find clearness to transfer `Val`_'s membership. 
     
     ii. Gardner Worship Group
         Request for care of Gardner Worship Group, does the Colorado Springs Meeting have the capacity 
         to `Bill`_, `Genie`_, and `Nancy`_. Does Colorado Springs Meeting have the ability to nuture 
         the Worship Group to become a full Monthy Meeting.

         It would be advisablity if Colorado Springs Meeting worship with Gardner Worship Group and 
         likewise 

         Transfer of `Val`_'s membership is the first step towards accepting care for Gardner Worship Group
         by Meeting. Expectations of Monthly Meeting towards Worship Groups under its care.  
     
     iii. Memorial for Dede
          Martha has been contact with Dede's daughter Jennifer. She and her family are just doing one
          gathering on the 24th at Margirtias. When `Martha`_ knows the exact time, she will forward
          annoucement to Meeting.
   
      iv. M&O has a discretionay funds for Philip Brasfield contribution.

       v. Meeting recommends that M&O use Faith and Practice mission statement. M&O work on calendar
          of requirements and process during the year. Incoming clerk request to all committees that they
          know their responsibilites, reports including State of Meeting report, census, and membership. 

          Hope to finish with yearly contact of meetings members and attenders.


  d. Meeting Home

      i. Work days at meeting house, easist if Work Day is after the forth first day after meeting. 
     
     ii. Roof repair, things weren't as seemed, seller's insurance company will only replace the Westside
         of the roof. For another $1,000 we can get a whole new roof. We are receiving $6,083 from Seller's insurance, 
         cost $8,800.43 to replace the whole root. Don't think they need to replace wood shake singles. Remove 
         two layers of asphelt shingles and first plywood.  
    
         Two things that are pending; hail damage price increase for supplies. Ginger needs copies of contract. 
         Finance committee approves. What about other bids? Biggest issue is the steepness of the roof, many 
         roofing contractors would not provide bid due to liability.  

         Might start in the next week or two if contract is signed. Include new East side gutter. Could the Meetinghouse
         Committee with the Finance committee coordinate agree to move forward with guttering? Seemless gutters? Yes.
         Sense of the meeting to give Meetinghouse and Finance approval go ahead to move forward about replacement and
         adding gutters and report back to the Meeting. 
 
    iii. Heater repair
         Got a bid about fixing furance? Can we live with just one heater? One won't light. Need more investigation. 
         Is there a way for someone to look at non-working furnance. One challenge is that due to the age of the 
         heaters is parts are avaiable. Can heater be repaired easily? All duct work with 90% efficiency furance 
         is $8k, additional $3k for Air Conditioning. Not sure if we need AC. Clarification, two things will happen.
         One, hire expert to see about repairing existing furance. Two, Jennifer will investigate alternative. Third,
         if repair is under $200, then move forward out of renovation fund or furnace prudent reserve.    

         What about plumbing? The plumbing in the bathrooms are protected with individual heaters.

     iv. `Daniel`_ looking at fixing loose light and will work on a temporay solution to open the windows in the
         basement. `Ann`_ will work on electric outlights and heatings in the basement. 

         Question about hanging up bulletin board? Consider options. 

         Recommend the formation of Grounds subcommittee to focus on outside, Meetinghouse committee focus on
         building. Sit with recommendation about the Grounds? Don't know if this needs another committee. 

         Big tree not being watered. During work day, to run hose figure out how to water during Meeting.   


  e. First Day School Committee
     Wanting to revisit the schedule and stratigy for First Day School? Best way to get in touch with Jon? Ginger
     will be following up.

  f. Adult Religious Education and Action Committee
     Book group reading `Ecominded`_ discussion tomorrow night at Meetinghouse. Send suggestions to `Ann Margret`_
     for contacting and coordinate.

  g. Library In progress, updating and moving books. Books on a shelf. Journals to be added on shelves. We have enough
     bookshelves in the Meeting. `Jennifer`_ will be donating `Tup`_ books and `Joyce`_ will review. Retention policy 
     for material. First step for `Joyce`_ library retention policy, assume value for having material.   

5. Old Business

  a. Haven't recieved any information about Colorado Regional assessments. 

6. New Business

    i. State of Meeting Report Approval

   ii. IMYM Directory of Adult members and attenders
  
  iii. Friends Mountain Camp Queries from IMYM

   iv. Resignation of Clerk

    v. Greeters for Meeting for Worship
       `Martha`_ good idea, helper for new attenders, willing to do it one time month. Might fall under
       M&O and `Meeting`_ coordinate greeters with `Maria`_. Mixed reactions, both positive and negative
       about use of nametags. Friends who are interested to be greeters should contact `Maria`_. Ask M&O
       to come up with procedures for handling latecomers.   
  
   vi. Philip Brasfield contribution

  vii. Molly would like to set up a matching fund grants for specific projects. `Molly`_ sends thanks with
       an opportunity for soliciting matching grants to donations $3,000. People respond well to specific
       needs and costs.
        
 viii. Meeting consensus supports Friends Fiduciary disinvestiment from Caterpiller involvement in destroying
       Palenstine home

   ix. Meeting would like to formally thank Ginger for her leadership and qualities as clerk, very, very
       very, very welcome. Ginger thank Meeting for supporting her since 1987 and a great honor to serve
       the meeting.  


7. Announcements

  a. `Molly`_ is soliciting donations of yarn for a group that knits scarfs and hats
     for homeless veterns.

.. _`Ginger Morgan`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Jeremy`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`Jeremy Nelson`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`Molly`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Molly Wingate`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Val Phillips`: /Friends/ValPhillips/
