Date: 2011-12-11T11:30:00

Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================

December 11, 2011
-----------------

Attending: [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) and [Genie
Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Deb Chitwood](/Friends/DebChitwood/),
[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/), [Joyce
Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/)
(recording clerk), [Carlton Gamer](/friends/CarltonGamer/) (clerk),
[Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/), [Lisa
Lister](/Friends/LisaLister/)

Opening Reading:

 For Friends the most important consideration is not the right action
 in itself but a right inward state out of which right action will
 arise. Given the right inward state, right action is inevitable.
 Inward state and outward action are component parts of a single whole.

1.  Approval of November Minutes

    Approved as written.

2.  Cash Flow Report

    All of our bank accounts are now with ENT Credit Union; we are
    cleared out of Wells Fargo Bank. There is a full report attached.

3.  Committee Reports:

     a.  [Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/) - [Lisa
         Lister](/Friends/LisaLister/) presented the final [budget for
         2012](/committees/Finance/2012/budget).
    
         Since the proposed budget was presented, we have gotten more
         pledges, and we now can fully fund the proposed budget. Thank
         you, Friends, for supporting the Meeting. We are urged to
         remember that the travel budget line is not fixed. We can
         always rearrange the budget and find more, if needed. The 2012
         budget was approved.
    
         Local donations: Suggestions were made for Mesa House, Justice
         and Peace Commission, Mountain Friends Camp. It was decided to
         give \$100 to each.
    
     b.  [Nominating Committee](/committees/Nominating/) - [Genie
         Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/) presented the nominations.
    
         -   [Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)  Clerk
    
         -   [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) and [Jonathan
             McPhee](/Friends/JonathanMcPhee/) Nominating
    
         -   [Carlton Gamer](/friends/CarltonGamer/) Meeting Home
             Committee
    
         Discussion ensued about the former Religious Education and
         Action Committee that has de facto withered.
         [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) mentioned that [Ministry and
         Oversight](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) has talked about
         the spiritual health of the meeting and suggested that we
         discuss the ideas for religious education and action in a
         potluck. [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) added that she would
         welcome a focused action from Friends that would be part of
         our community. We discussed reinstituting the name of the
         [Religious Education and Action](/committees/REA/) Committee
         and adding the members and a charge later.
    
         We gratefully accepted the nominations as presented and we ask
         each committee to reflect on their configuration and what is
         needed to complete their charge. The [nomination
         committee](/committees/Nominating/) will work each committee
         to ensure that committee have what the personnel they need.
         [Ministry and Oversight](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/)
         will season the idea of Religious Education and Action
         Committee and bring that deliberation back to the meeting for
         consideration.
    
         We also approved [John Gallagher](/Friends/John%20Gallagher)
         to serve as our representative to the Colorado Regional
         Meeting's Continuing Committee.
    
    c.  [Ministry and Oversight](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/)

        [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) contacts all members in
        inquire as to their affiliation with the meeting. There are some
        who are, for better or worse, missing in action.
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) asked for feedback about some
        people. We may not have good contact information for Hal and Deb
        Gimpelson in New Zealand. IN the case of Deneen Crandall, we
        have lost track of where she is and haven't had any contact with
        her, but we have gotten assessment money from her. Charles Stoy
        was grateful for contact the meeting some years ago, but
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) has not gotten any response
        from contacts him recently. [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)
        expressed that she is unclear about keeping Charles on the list
        of members. We are concerned to proceed carefully and
        thoughtfully. We urged [M&O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/)
        to continue to try make contact, get updates from Deneen and
        Charlie, and to get good contact information for Hal and Deb.

        [Connie Williams](/Friends/ConnieWilliams/) wishes to stay
        affiliated with our meeting, even though Buena Vista Worship
        Group has been laid down. We approved the following minute.

         After communication with Connie Williams, we have learned that
         the Buena Vista Worship Groups is no longer meeting. [Colorado
         Springs Meeting](/) therefore lays down our care for that
         workshop group and retains [Connie](/Friends/ConnieWilliams/)
         as a member.

    d.  [Education Committee](/committees/Education/)

        We are thankful that [Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) has
        offered to help with [First Day School](/committees/Education/),
        and we welcome anyone who wishes to join the ranks of teachers,
        occasionally or on a regular basis.

    e.  [Meeting Home Committee](/committees/MeetingHome)

        We will be holding a special session to discuss lessons learned
        from the process regarding 15 S. Wahsatch and to give the
        [Meeting Home Committee](/committees/MeetingHome) direction on
        Wednesday, December 14th from 5-7 PM at the Women's Club
        building, 20 Mesa Road. We hope for a very good attendance.

    f.  Library -

        Circulation has improved as [Joyce](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) has
        put out books in combination with hospitality time. [Bill
        Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/)'s recently updated book about
        the Israeli/Palestine conflict is available in the library.

4.  Old business

    a.  Yearly Meeting Queries/Discussion topics. We were asked to
        forward any comments to Continuing Committee concerning
        recommendations from the IMYM Structure Task Force and from the
        FCNL group; we need not come to unity on any of them. Below are
        the recommendations followed by our response to them.

        1.  Recommendations concerning the structure of IMYM from the
            Structure Task Force.

            **Recommendation 1.** IMYM 2011.06 Intermountain Yearly
            Meeting should continue to provide funds for travel when the
            representatives need assistance. The criteria for
            appointment should not include ability to pay for travel.
            Representatives should be able to request reimbursement for
            their actual travel expenses (rather than according to a
            schedule).

            We think this is a great idea. Absolutely essential.

            **Recommendation 2.** The Yearly Meeting should continue to
            appoint the current number of representatives to Western
            Friend (3) and Friends Peace Teams (1). FWCC, FCNL, AFSC,
            and FGC should be limited to no more than 3 representatives,
            and the representatives should be at large rather than
            representing the regions. Rather than simply attempting to
            fill all positions, the Yearly Meeting should instead
            appoint only representatives who feel a real leading to
            serve, leaving representative positions vacant if no one
            with such a leading can be found.

            We think the recommendation to have only at-large members
            may be too diffuse. We suggest that the committee ask for
            specific feedback from the current representatives to each
            organization and try again to reduce the costs. We also hope
            that we seek clarity about the financial responsibility of
            who supports this external travel, IMYM or the group to
            which we are sending representatives.

            **Recommendation 3.** To fund the growing need for financial
            aid to attend Annual Gathering, the Yearly Meeting should
            provide financial aid from the general fund by increasing
            Monthly Meeting assessments rather than increasing the cost
            of attending the Annual Gathering.

            We think that this is a good idea. The cost of IMYM should
            be kept within reach.

            **Recommendation 4.** The Yearly Meeting's operating budget
            is entirely funded by assessments from Monthly Meetings, and
            the Yearly Meeting is not organized to manage or oversee
            projects. In almost all cases, financial support for
            specific causes and donations to other organizations should
            continue to be a Monthly Meeting responsibility. However,
            the Yearly Meeting should also provide an orderly
            way, "preferably with full involvement by Monthly Meetings" for
            discerning whether the Yearly Meeting should support a
            specific concern or make a donation to another organization.

            We support that the Yearly Meeting seek a way forward to
            create an orderly method to consider financial support of
            causes and donations. We are also concerned, however, that
            the yearly meeting has an obligation to provide service and
            support to causes. We wish that IMYM structure itself in
            such a way that it will be able to extend itself.

            We would welcome the opportunity to consider these
            recommendations in light of recommendations from the
            Stewardship and Service Committees.

            They are most certainly going to impact each other.

        2.  Number of representative from IMYM to FCNL.

            The Structure Task Force suggested that the number be
            reduced from 6 to 3. We are to weigh the attached comments
            and pass our comments on to IMYM. Please see our comments on
            recommendation 2.

5.  New Business

    Bill reported that AFSC that is still in flux and sorting out its
    structure.

Grateful for service from [Carlton Gamer](/friends/CarltonGamer/) and
[Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) as outgoing Clerk and Recording
Clerk.

Closed with silence at 1:10 PM
