===========================================================
Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================
December 11, 2011
-----------------
Attending:  `Bill`_ and `Genie Durland`_, `Deb Chitwood`_, 
`Jeremy Nelson`_, `Joyce Doyle`_ `Molly Wingate`_ (recording clerk), 
`Carlton Gamer`_ (clerk), `Ginger Morgan`_, `Lisa Lister`_

Opening Reading:  
For Friends the most important consideration is not the right action in 
itself but a right inward state out of which right action will arise. 
Given the right inward state, right action is inevitable. Inward state 
and outward action are component parts of a single whole.

1. Approval of November Minutes –Approved as written.  

2. Cash Flow Report – All of our bank accounts are now with ENT Credit 
Union; we are cleared out of Wells Fargo Bank.  There is a `full report`_ 
attached.

3. Committee Reports:
    a. `Finance Committee`_ - `Lisa Lister`_ presented the final `budget for 2012`_.  
    Since the proposed budget was presented, we have gotten more 
    pledges, and we now can fully fund the proposed budget.  Thank you, 
    Friends, for supporting the Meeting. We are urged to remember that 
    the travel budget line is not fixed.  We can always rearrange the 
    budget and find more, if needed.  The 2012 budget was approved.
    
    Local donations:  Suggestions were made for Mesa House, Justice and 
    Peace Commission, Mountain Friends Camp.  It was decided to give 
    $100 to each.
    
b. `Nominating Committee`_ –  `Genie Durland`_ presented the nominations. 
   `Ginger Morgan`_ – Clerk
   `Molly Wingate`_ and `Jonathan McPhee`_– Nominating
   `Carlton Gamer`_ – Meeting Home Committee
   
   Discussion ensued about the former Religious Education and Action 
   Committee that has de facto withered.  `Ginger`_ mentioned that 
   `Ministry and Oversight`_ has talked about the spiritual health of the 
   meeting and suggested that we discuss the ideas for religious 
   education and action in a potluck. `Joyce`_ added that she would 
   welcome a focused action from Friends that would be part of our 
   community. We discussed reinstituting the name of the 
   `Religious Education and Action`_ Committee and adding the members 
   and a charge later.  
    
   We gratefully accepted the nominations as presented and we ask each 
   committee to reflect on their configuration and what is needed to 
   complete their charge.  The `nomination committee`_ will work each 
   committee to ensure that committee have what the personnel they 
   need. `Ministry and Oversight`_ will season the idea of  Religious 
   Education and Action Committee and bring that deliberation back to 
   the meeting for consideration.
    
   We  also approved `John Gallagher`_ to serve as our representative to
    the `Colorado Regional Meeting`_’s Continuing Committee.  
    
c. `Ministry and Oversight`_
    `M&O`_ contacts all members in inquire as to their affiliation with 
    the meeting.   There are some who are, for better or worse, missing 
    in action. `Ginger`_ asked for feedback about some people. We may 
    not have good contact information for `Hal`_ and `Deb Gimpelson`_ in
    New Zealand.  IN the case of Deneen Crandall, we have lost track of 
    where she is and haven’t had any contact with her, but we have 
    gotten assessment money from her. Charles Stoy was grateful for 
    contact the meeting some years ago, but `Ginger`_ has not gotten any
    response from contacts him recently. `Ginger`_ expressed that she is 
    unclear about keeping Charles on the list of members. We are 
    concerned to proceed carefully and thoughtfully. We urged `M&O`_ to 
    continue to try make contact, get updates from Deneen and Charlie, 
    and to get good contact information for `Hal`_ and `Deb`_.
         
    `Connie Williams`_ wishes to stay affiliated with our meeting, even 
    though Buena Vista Worship Group has been laid down.  We approved 
    the following minute.
    
        After communication with Connie Williams, we have learned that the 
        Buena Vista Worship Groups is no longer meeting.  `Colorado Springs 
        Meeting`_ therefore lays down our care for that workshop group and 
        retains `Connie`_ as a member.
        
d. Education Committee 
   We are thankful that `Jeremy Nelson`_ has offered to help with 
   `First Day School`_, and we welcome anyone who wishes to join the 
   ranks of teachers, occasionally or on a regular basis.
   
e. Meeting Home Committee
   We will be holding a special session to discuss lessons learned from 
   the process regarding `15 S. Wahsatch`_ and to give the 
   `Meeting Home Committee`+ direction on Wednesday, December 14th from 
   5-7 PM at the Women’s Club building, 20 Mesa Road.  We hope for a 
   very good attendance.
   
f. Library -  
   Circulation has improved as `Joyce`_ has put out books in combination
   with hospitality time.  `Bill Durland`_’s recently updated book about
   the Israeli/Palestine conflict is available in the library.
    
4.       Old business
a. Yearly Meeting Queries/Discussion topics. We were asked to forward any comments to Continuing Committee concerning recommendations from the IMYM Structure Task Force and from the FCNL group; we need not come to unity on any of them.  Below are the recommendations followed by our response to them.
1.  Recommendations concerning the structure of IMYM from the Structure Task Force.
Recommendation 1.  IMYM 2011.06  Intermountain Yearly Meeting should continue to provide funds for travel when the representatives need assistance.  The criteria for appointment should not include ability to pay for travel.  Representatives should be able to request reimbursement for their actual travel expenses (rather than according to a schedule).
We think this is a great idea. Absolutely essential.
Recommendation 2.  The Yearly Meeting should continue to appoint the current number of representatives to Western Friend (3) and Friends Peace Teams (1).  FWCC, FCNL, AFSC, and FGC should be limited to no more than 3 representatives, and the representatives should be at large rather than representing the regions.  Rather than simply attempting to fill all positions, the Yearly Meeting should instead appoint only representatives who feel a real leading to serve, leaving representative positions vacant if no one with such a leading can be found.  
We think the recommendation to have only at-large members may be too diffuse. We suggest that the committee ask for specific feedback from the current representatives to each organization and try again to reduce the costs.  We also hope that we seek clarity about the financial responsibility of who supports this external travel, IMYM or the group to which we are sending representatives.
Recommendation 3. To fund the growing need for financial aid to attend Annual Gathering, the Yearly Meeting should provide financial aid from the general fund by increasing Monthly Meeting assessments rather than increasing the cost of attending the Annual Gathering.
We think that this is a good idea.  The cost of IMYM should be kept within reach. 
Recommendation 4.  The Yearly Meeting’s operating budget is entirely funded by assessments from Monthly Meetings, and the Yearly Meeting is not organized to manage or oversee projects.  In almost all cases, financial support for specific causes and donations to other organizations should continue to be a Monthly Meeting responsibility.  However, the Yearly Meeting should also provide an orderly way—preferably with full involvement by Monthly Meetings—for discerning whether the Yearly Meeting should support a specific concern or make a donation to another organization.
We support that the Yearly Meeting seek a way forward to create an orderly method to consider financial support of causes and donations. We are also concerned, however, that the yearly meeting has an obligation to provide service and support to causes.  We wish that IMYM structure itself in such a way that it will be able to extend itself. 
We would welcome the opportunity to consider these recommendations in light of recommendations from the Stewardship and Service Committees.  They are most certainly going to impact each other.   
2. Number of representative from IMYM to FCNL.  The Structure Task Force suggested that the number be reduced from 6 to 3.  We are to weigh the attached comments and pass our comments on to IMYM.  
        Please see our comments on recommendation 2.
5. New Business
 Bill reported that AFSC that is still in flux and sorting out its structure. 
Grateful for service from Carlton Gamer and Molly Wingate as outgoing Clerk and Recording Clerk.
Closed with silence at 1:10 PM
