===========================================================
Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================
:Date: $Date: 2012-01-15 11:20:48 +0000 (Sun, 15 Jan 2012) $

January 15, 2012
----------------
In attendance:  `Ginger Morgan`_ (clerk), `Carlton Gamer`_, 
`Molly Wingate`_ (recording clerk pro-tem), `Joyce Doyle`_, `Barbara Bowen`_, 
`Julie Roten-Valdez`_, `Sarah Callbeck`_, `Bill Durland`_, `Genie Durland`_, 
`Nancy Andrew`_

1. `Ginger Morgan`_ began at 11:20 with the following reading:

    Have you ever been moved by an inbreaking of the Light  -- awakened by the 
    inflowing love of God? Even a very small experience of something deep and 
    holy can make you want to find the Light again.  If you are fortunate 
    enough to have had many of these experiences, or even a few profound ones, 
    you know how much it is worth trying to align your life to keep open a 
    channel to God's Living Presence.  

    From Expectant Listening: Finding God's Thread of Guidance by Michael Wajda. 
    Pendle Hill Pamphlet 388 

2. Approval of `December Minutes`_  with the following addition:

   In the `Nominating Committee`_ Report: Please add `Julie Roten-Valdez`_ on
   to Meeting Home Committee.  

3. Cash Flow Report and Year End Financial Statements Report
   All accounts at Wells Fargo are closed!  
   We have an unusually high checking account balance because we are about to 
   pay our yearly assessments to `Colorado Regional Meeting`_ and 
   `Intermountain Yearly Meeting`_.

   In savings, we currently have our emergency fund as part of the savings 
   accounts. `Finance Committee`_ will think about whether we need a 
   separate account for the emergency fund. `Sarah`_ presented the 
   Cash Flow Report, the December Balance Sheet, and the Revenue Statement 
   for 2011.  She pointed out that the `finance committee`_ is establishing 
   reserve accounts for the library and for `First Day School`_ so that any 
   money not spent in one year will carrying over and be available the next year.

   All reports were accepted with gratitude.

3. Committee Reports:

   a. `Finance Committee`_

       i. The Committee brought a question for the Meeting regarding amount and 
          frequency of financial reporting and financial business: how often, what,
          and how much do we address each month?

          A full discussion ensued.  `Sarah`_ provided a list of reports 
          presented in a year.  We came to clarity that we would like the reports
          to come to the meeting as they have, but to encourage members and 
          attenders to review the financial reports in advance and bring their 
          questions. That way, `Sarah`_ will be able to limit her comments 
          during meeting for business to the bottom lines, to unusual financial 
          happenings, and to questions. 

   b. Updated `Nominating Committee`_ report:
 
      1. `Nancy Andrew`_ is nominated to be our meeting's representative to 
         `IMYM Continuing Committee`_ June 2012 through June 2014. Meeting 
         approved.

      2. Nominate `Julie Roten-Valdez`_ to Meeting Home Committee.  
         Meeting approved.
 
      3. Nominate `Bill Durland`_ to `Ministry and Oversight`_.  Meeting 
         approved. `Ginger`_ will call one more meeting of `M&O`_ to assure 
         a smooth transition.
    
   c. `Ministry and Oversight`_ 

      1. Deb Gimpelson's request for Transfer of Membership. She is attending 
         meeting in New Zealand and is considering transferring her membership. 
         `Ginger`_ asked if there were any concerns. Finding none, `Ginger`_ 
         will continue the process of transfer with all care and love.

      2. Update on Jennifer Roberts and remembering / honoring `Tup`_.  
         Jennifer reports that her brothers have had an event to remember `Tup`_. 
         Jennifer is still caught up with the financial stuff of settling `Tup`_'s  
         estate, and when she is on the other side of the finances she will 
         contact us. Friends may feel moved to have a memorial for `Tup`_ and
         would be sure to include Jennifer in any plans.

      3. Charge to reconsider whether reinstituting 

         `Religious Education and Action`_ committee would serve our Meeting.  
         `Bill`_ raised the question of whether the `REA`_ committee will 
         oversee adult education and action as well as first day school. 
         `M&O`_ might consider this question, but he would like to hear from the 
         meeting as well. `Genie`_ noted that if we do reconstitute the `REA`_, 
         she would be willing to clerk the adult education part. We came to 
         the conclusion that we would ask `M&O`_ to put together a charge for `REA`_.

         There may be those who feel called to serve on 
         `Religious Education and Action`_ Committee or to help create a charge for 
         the committee with a range of activities for adult education and conversation. 
         Those interested speak to `Ginger`_ or `Genie`_.
 
    d. `Education Committee`_: The filmed play continues.

    e. `Meeting Home`_ no report

    f. `Library`_ no report
    
4. Old business

    a. Follow up from Lessons Learned.  The `minutes`_ were approved. `Ginger`_ 
       suggested that we consider scheduling Soup and Sharing or Potluck Sharing 
       on preparedness and Quaker testimonies as raised by Lessons Learned 
       Meeting regarding acquisition of Meeting Home.  She asked, 
       Are there other outcomes from this meeting to discuss as we find our way forward?.  

       Please add to the minutes of the special meeting that the song at
       the end of the gathering was `Sweet, Sweet Spirit`_. We were 
       reminded that we wanted to have some intentional conversations as
       a meeting about being ready and proceeding in the process 
       of finding a home for the meeting.
       
       `Bill Durland`_ remarked on the value and importance of having a 
       good record of the conversation and thanked `Molly Wingate`_ for 
       her work. `Genie Durland`_ pointed out that she would like to 
       focus next winter's adult education class on the `testimonies`_, 
       and she thought this discussion might help with the question of 
       a meeting house.
       
       `Molly Wingate`_ asked that we have conversation about renting a 
       space.  The more she has thought of it, the better the idea of 
       renting sounds.
	
       `Ginger`_ asked if we should have the next potluck on the 
       question of renting.  `Bill`_ asked `Ginger`_ to craft a query 
       for the discussion that includes the idea of growth and being 
       *evangelical and significant in our community*.
	   
       `Sarah Callbeck`_ reminded us of the comment that discerning who 
       we are as a meeting and what our identity is will inform what 
       sort of edifice we will inhabit.  Just wanting a meeting house 
       is not quite enough to get us in one, and finding out who we are 
       might help us get there.
	   
       `Genie`_ added that getting a place would help us express 
       ourselves and find out who we are.
	   
       `Joyce Doyle`_ concurred that there needs to be a clearer sense 
       of a **mission statement** for why we exist, and she is 
       interested in the action of the meeting.  She feels we are 
       missing a clear sense of why this particular meeting exists. She 
       is encouraged that she is hearing the words and ideas she has 
       been waiting for. 
	   
       `Bill`_ pointed out the challenge of talking about what we are 
       before we act.  It is easy to have a great and important 
       conversation but have it not result in action.
	   
       `Genie`_ pointed out the challenge of Quakerism inclusiveness 
       and having a specific identity. 
	   
       `Molly`_ talked about how her identity as a `Friend`_ has been a 
       reflection of what is going on in the world and how she has 
       engaged in it. She commented that the continual unfolding of 
       God's message and direction are central to `Quakerism`_ and thus 
       `Quakerism`_ changes.
	   
       `Carlton`_ pointed out that `testimonies`_ are the things that 
       we can all agree with and they are a foundation for our 
       identity.  He urged us to come to an understanding of who we 
       are individually and have a regular conversation about each of 
       us.  He agreed that we can use the `testimonies`_ to find the 
       kind of building we want to be in.  He talked about us a
       `Hicksite Friends`_ and how we differ from the 
       `Friends Church`_. This question was not adequately addressed 
       in other meetings and lead to a permanent split. `Carlton`_ 
       suggested that we have a series of conversations where one 
       Friend addresses how they became `Quakers`_, what being a 
       `Quaker`_ means to them, and how their lives reflect their 
       `Quakerism`_.
	     
       We generally agreed that it would be a great to have such 
       discussions. So what steps do we take to ensure this happens.
       Use the next potluck for one person to tell his/her story or 
       use the potluck for planning?  
	     
       `Ginger`_ pulled us back from the conversation to say that she 
       will hold all these ideas and get back to us about the next 
       potluck. 
	     
       We had silence.
 
5. New Business

   a.  Member records: The matter of making sure our records about 
       each member are accurate can wait until next meeting.

We closed in silence at 1:15.

.. _`Nancy Andrew`: /Friends/NancyAndrew/
.. _`Barbara Bowen`: /Friends/BarbaraBowen/
.. _`Ann Daugherty`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Bill`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Bill Durland`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Genie`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Genie Durland`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Joyce Doyle`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Sarah`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Sarah Callbeck`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Carlton`: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Carlton Gamer`: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Lisa`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Lisa Lister`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Ginger`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Ginger Morgan`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Tup`: /Friends/TupRoberts/
.. _`Julie Roten-Valdez`: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _`Molly`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Molly Wingate`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`December Minutes`: /meetings/Business/2011/12/10/Minutes
.. _`minutes`: /minutes/2012/01/special
.. _`Colorado Regional Meeting`: /ColoradoRegionalMeeting/
.. _`Education Committee`: /FirstDaySchool
.. _First Day School: /committees/FirstDay/
.. _`Friend`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Friends Church`: /locations/FriendsChurch
.. _`finance Committee`: /committees/Finance/
.. _`Finance Committee`: /committees/Finance/
.. _`Hicksite Friends`: /history/Hicksite
.. _`Intermountain Yearly Meeting`: /imym/
.. _`IMYM Continuing Committee`: /imym/committees/Continuing
.. _`Library`: /Library
.. _`Meeting Home`: /committees/MeetingHome
.. _`Ministry and Oversight`: /committees/M&O/
.. _`M&O`: /committees/M&O/
.. _`Quaker`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Quakers`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Quakerism`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Nominating Committee`: /committees/Nominating/
.. _`Sweet, Sweet Spirit`: 
.. _`REA`: /committees/rea
.. _`Religious Education and Action`: /committees/rea
.. _Testimonies: /testimonies/
