Date: 2012-01-15T11:20:48

Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
===========================================================

January 15, 2012
----------------

In attendance: [Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) (clerk), [Carlton
Gamer](/Friends/CarltonGamer/), [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/)
(recording clerk pro-tem), [Joyce Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/), [Barbara
Bowen](/Friends/BarbaraBowen/), [Julie
Roten-Valdez](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/), [Sarah
Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/), [Bill
Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/), [Genie
Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Nancy Andrew](/Friends/NancyAndrew/)

1.  [Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) began at 11:20 with the
    following reading:

    > Have you ever been moved by an inbreaking of the Light -- awakened
    > by the inflowing love of God? Even a very small experience of
    > something deep and holy can make you want to find the Light again.
    > If you are fortunate enough to have had many of these experiences,
    > or even a few profound ones, you know how much it is worth trying
    > to align your life to keep open a channel to God's Living
    > Presence.
    >
    > From Expectant Listening: Finding God's Thread of Guidance by
    > Michael Wajda. Pendle Hill Pamphlet 388

2.  Approval of [December
    Minutes](/meetings/Business/2011/12/10/Minutes) with the following
    addition:

    In the [Nominating Committee](/committees/Nominating/) Report:
    Please add [Julie Roten-Valdez](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/) on to
    Meeting Home Committee.

3.  Cash Flow Report and Year End Financial Statements Report All
    accounts at Wells Fargo are closed! We have an unusually high
    checking account balance because we are about to pay our yearly
    assessments to [Colorado Regional
    Meeting](/ColoradoRegionalMeeting/) and [Intermountain Yearly
    Meeting](/imym/).

    In savings, we currently have our emergency fund as part of the
    savings accounts. [Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/) will
    think about whether we need a separate account for the emergency
    fund. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) presented the Cash Flow
    Report, the December Balance Sheet, and the Revenue Statement for
    2011. She pointed out that the [finance
    committee](/committees/Finance/) is establishing reserve accounts
    for the library and for [First Day School](/committees/FirstDay/) so
    that any money not spent in one year will carrying over and be
    available the next year.

    All reports were accepted with gratitude.

4.  Committee Reports:

    a.  [Finance Committee](/committees/Finance/)

        > i.  The Committee brought a question for the Meeting regarding
        >     amount and frequency of financial reporting and financial
        >     business: how often, what, and how much do we address each
        >     month?
        >
        >     A full discussion ensued. [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/)
        >     provided a list of reports presented in a year. We came to
        >     clarity that we would like the reports to come to the
        >     meeting as they have, but to encourage members and
        >     attenders to review the financial reports in advance and
        >     bring their questions. That way,
        >     [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) will be able to limit her
        >     comments during meeting for business to the bottom lines,
        >     to unusual financial happenings, and to questions.
        >
    b.  Updated [Nominating Committee](/committees/Nominating/) report:

        1.  [Nancy Andrew](/Friends/NancyAndrew/) is nominated to be our
            meeting's representative to [IMYM Continuing
            Committee](/imym/committees/Continuing) June 2012 through
            June 2014. Meeting approved.

        2.  Nominate [Julie Roten-Valdez](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/)
            to Meeting Home Committee. Meeting approved.

        3.  Nominate [Bill Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/) to [Ministry
            and Oversight](/committees/M&O/). Meeting approved.
            [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) will call one more meeting
            of [M&O](/committees/M&O/) to assure a smooth transition.

    c.  [Ministry and Oversight](/committees/M&O/)

        1.  Deb Gimpelson's request for Transfer of Membership. She is
            attending meeting in New Zealand and is considering
            transferring her membership.
            [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) asked if there were any
            concerns. Finding none, [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)
            will continue the process of transfer with all care and
            love.

        2.  Update on Jennifer Roberts and remembering / honoring
            [Tup](/Friends/TupRoberts/). Jennifer reports that her
            brothers have had an event to remember
            [Tup](/Friends/TupRoberts/). Jennifer is still caught up
            with the financial stuff of settling
            [Tup](/Friends/TupRoberts/)'s estate, and when she is on the
            other side of the finances she will contact us. Friends may
            feel moved to have a memorial for
            [Tup](/Friends/TupRoberts/) and would be sure to include
            Jennifer in any plans.

        3.  Charge to reconsider whether reinstituting

            [Religious Education and Action](/committees/rea) committee
            would serve our Meeting. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/)
            raised the question of whether the REA\_ committee will
            oversee adult education and action as well as first day
            school. [M&O](/committees/M&O/) might consider this
            question, but he would like to hear from the meeting as
            well. [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) noted that if we do
            reconstitute the REA\_, she would be willing to clerk the
            adult education part. We came to the conclusion that we
            would ask [M&O](/committees/M&O/) to put together a charge
            for REA\_.

            There may be those who feel called to serve on [Religious
            Education and Action](/committees/rea) Committee or to help
            create a charge for the committee with a range of activities
            for adult education and conversation. Those interested speak
            to [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) or
            [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/).

    > d.  [Education Committee](/FirstDaySchool): The filmed play
    >     continues.
    >
    > e.  [Meeting Home](/committees/MeetingHome) no report
    >
    > f.  [Library](/Library) no report
    >
5.  Old business

    > a.  Follow up from Lessons Learned. The
    >     [minutes](/minutes/2012/01/special) were approved.
    >     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) suggested that we consider
    >     scheduling Soup and Sharing or Potluck Sharing on preparedness
    >     and Quaker testimonies as raised by Lessons Learned Meeting
    >     regarding acquisition of Meeting Home. She asked, Are there
    >     other outcomes from this meeting to discuss as we find our way
    >     forward?.
    >
    >     Please add to the minutes of the special meeting that the song
    >     at the end of the gathering was [Sweet, Sweet
    >     Spirit](..%20_`REA`:%20/committees/rea). We were reminded that
    >     we wanted to have some intentional conversations as a meeting
    >     about being ready and proceeding in the process of finding a
    >     home for the meeting.
    >
    >     [Bill Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/) remarked on the value
    >     and importance of having a good record of the conversation and
    >     thanked [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) for her work.
    >     [Genie Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/) pointed out that she
    >     would like to focus next winter's adult education class on the
    >     [testimonies](/testimonies/), and she thought this discussion
    >     might help with the question of a meeting house.
    >
    >     [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) asked that we have
    >     conversation about renting a space. The more she has thought
    >     of it, the better the idea of renting sounds.
    >
    >     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) asked if we should have the
    >     next potluck on the question of renting.
    >     [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) asked
    >     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) to craft a query for the
    >     discussion that includes the idea of growth and being
    >     *evangelical and significant in our community*.
    >
    >     [Sarah Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) reminded us of the
    >     comment that discerning who we are as a meeting and what our
    >     identity is will inform what sort of edifice we will inhabit.
    >     Just wanting a meeting house is not quite enough to get us in
    >     one, and finding out who we are might help us get there.
    >
    >     [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) added that getting a place
    >     would help us express ourselves and find out who we are.
    >
    >     [Joyce Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/) concurred that there needs
    >     to be a clearer sense of a **mission statement** for why we
    >     exist, and she is interested in the action of the meeting. She
    >     feels we are missing a clear sense of why this particular
    >     meeting exists. She is encouraged that she is hearing the
    >     words and ideas she has been waiting for.
    >
    >     [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) pointed out the challenge of
    >     talking about what we are before we act. It is easy to have a
    >     great and important conversation but have it not result in
    >     action.
    >
    >     [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) pointed out the challenge of
    >     Quakerism inclusiveness and having a specific identity.
    >
    >     [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) talked about how her identity
    >     as a [Friend](/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends) has been a
    >     reflection of what is going on in the world and how she has
    >     engaged in it. She commented that the continual unfolding of
    >     God's message and direction are central to
    >     [Quakerism](/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends) and thus
    >     [Quakerism](/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends) changes.
    >
    >     [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) pointed out that
    >     [testimonies](/testimonies/) are the things that we can all
    >     agree with and they are a foundation for our identity. He
    >     urged us to come to an understanding of who we are
    >     individually and have a regular conversation about each of us.
    >     He agreed that we can use the [testimonies](/testimonies/) to
    >     find the kind of building we want to be in. He talked about us
    >     a [Hicksite Friends](/history/Hicksite) and how we differ from
    >     the [Friends Church](/locations/FriendsChurch). This question
    >     was not adequately addressed in other meetings and lead to a
    >     permanent split. [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) suggested
    >     that we have a series of conversations where one Friend
    >     addresses how they became
    >     [Quakers](/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends), what being a
    >     [Quaker](/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends) means to them, and how
    >     their lives reflect their
    >     [Quakerism](/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends).
    >
    >     We generally agreed that it would be a great to have such
    >     discussions. So what steps do we take to ensure this happens.
    >     Use the next potluck for one person to tell his/her story or
    >     use the potluck for planning?
    >
    >     [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) pulled us back from the
    >     conversation to say that she will hold all these ideas and get
    >     back to us about the next potluck.
    >
    >     We had silence.
    >
6.  New Business

    a.  Member records: The matter of making sure our records about each
        member are accurate can wait until next meeting.

We closed in silence at 1:15.
