=============================== Special Meeting Building Minute
=============================== :Date: \$Date: 2012-01-29 11:30:48 +0000
(Sun, 29 Jan 2012) \$

First Day, January 29th, 2012
=============================

In attendance: [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/), [Ginger
Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/), [Joyce Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/),
[Sarah Callback](/Friends/SarahCallback/), [Bill
Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/), [Genie
Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [John
Gallagher](/Friends/JohnGallagher/), [Maria
Melendez](/Friends/MariaMelendez/), [Peter LeVar](/Friends/PeterLeVar/),
[Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/), Jack Semple

During announcements at the closing of Meeting for Worship, [Molly
Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/), as chair of the Meeting Home
Committee, passed around a real estate listing about a property and
church located at **950 E. Cimarron** that recently came upon the
market. The older Congregational Church is in good physical condition
with bolted stadium seating that could seat up to a 100 people with two
small rooms in the basement that could be combined into a single room
for first day school. The bathrooms are located on the outside of the
church, there is no kitchen and little parking space. Molly cautioned
that this is an older building that if we remodelled we may have to
bring the electrical and plumbing up to the current building codes with
much greater costs.

The church is still being used by a dwindling congregation who wish to
sell at a price of \$95,000. Due to the low cost and time sensitivity
involved with this property, [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) requested
from the Meeting a conditional contract be put together by attorneys
associated with the Meeting such that negotiations can begin with the
current owners. [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) brought the matter
before the assembled members and attenders as a special Minute. The
consensus was that the Meeting should go forward with this conditional
contract with the understanding that the Meeting could withdraw at any
time and that more discussion would follow at the next [Business
Meeting](http://coloradospringsquakers.org/2012/02/19/business/) for
Worship and may require another called Meeting as well.

Respectfully submitted in the light, [Jeremy
Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/)
