Date: 2015-09-20T11:30:00

[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnGrantMartin]: /Friends/AnnGrantMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JohnRobey]: /Friends/JohnRobey
[LindaSegar]: /Friends/LindaSegar
[LisaLister]: /Friends/LisaLister
[PeterLeVar]: /Friends/PeterLeVar
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrews]: /Friends/NancyAndrews
[PhilFriesen]: /Friends/PhilFriesen
[SarahCallback]: /Friends/SarahCallback

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business

## Colorado Springs Friends Meeting

In attendance: [Lisa Lister][LisaLister], clerk; [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], recording clerk, 
[Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallback], [Bill Durland][BillDurland], [Genie Durland][GenieDurland], 
[Nancy Andrews][NancyAndrews], [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer]

1.  At 11:30, we began with silence followed by a query and an advice.

    It is in the silence that we still our hearts and minds so that the
    Spirit of God may enter. This silencing, this waiting in expectancy,
    this listening for that which is deepest within this is what Friends
    call worship. We seek a gathered stillness in our meetings for worship
    so that all may feel the power of God's love leading us and drawing us
    together.

    How do I prepare myself for worship? Do I set aside time during the week
    to strengthen my spirit? What is it that I bring to the meeting for
    worship?

1.  Consideration of seventh month minutes please look at the minutes
    online at: <http://coloradospringsquakers.org/meetings/Business/2015/7>

    Minutes approved

1.  Committee Reports

    1.  **Meetinghouse Committee **

        Minutes from June accepted

        Minutes from August accepted

        Reminded that the basement has become our most expensive square footage
        in the building. Friends please feel free to use the space.

        Approved: Added a line in the guidelines for use of the building that
        says that outside groups must in line with Quaker values.


    1.  **Ministry and Oversight Committee**

        [Carlton][CarltonGamer] presented the minutes from July and September which were
        accepted.

        In November, [Lisa][LisaLister] and [Phil][PhilFriesen] have offered their house 
        for a soup and sharing for a full discussion about vocal ministry 
        in meeting for worship.

    1.  **Finance Committee **

        Minutes - accepted

        We are in the black, but barely. We celebrate that we weathered our
        emergencies at the meetinghouse and had the resources needed to fix the
        building. Our prudent reserve and Friends Fiduciary Account were used as
        they should have been. Now we will rebuild these accounts.

        Review of financial reports - accepted

        At Quaker Quest on Saturday, September 26 we will be asking for
        donations to cover the cost of food and to cover the cost of the
        workshop itself.

        ACTION ITEM: $100 to donate to national organizations

        We decided to give the following:

        Christian Peacemaker Teams - $50

        Western Friend - $50

        **Approved**

    1.  **Other Committee reports**

        1.  *First Day School*- materials in the basement and organized. Friends
            are encouraged to familiarize themselves and be ready to help.

        1.  *Peace and Justice Committee*-

            a.  [Bill Durland][BillDurland] represented Friends at a public meeting concerning the
                Sit or Lie Down ordinance in Colorado Springs. The first reading of
                the ordinance was postponed until November.

            b.  Demonstration last Saturday on noon to take in more Syrian refugees.
                Made the news on TV.

            c.  J&P Membership breakfast 9/21 at 7:30 AM

            d.  Colorado College capital punishment debate on September 30 at 7 PM

                Report accepted

        1.  *Nominating Committee*-

            Busy but no finished report.

        1.  *Library*

            Looking forward to working on the library in the next 6 weeks.

    1.  **Representative Reports**

        1.  AFSC liaison [Genie][GenieDurland]

            Please know about the conference calls for spirited action that will
            continue throughout the year. Flyer on the library table. Several
            topics. It is a way to plug into the organization.

       1.  FCNL liaison [Peter][PeterLeVar]

           No report.

1.  Other issues:

    Our insurance company has contacted us about employee insurance. Sarah
    will ask them if we could get a lower rate since we have no employees.

4.  Announcements

    QuakerQuest is next Saturday, Sept. 26 from 9-4. If you plan to attend,
    and have not yet [Lisa][LisaLister] know please do so to <lisalister99@gmail.com>.
    There will be a light breakfast starting at 9:00, and a lunch is also
    provided. Thanks to [Molly][MollyWingate], [Genie][GenieDurland] and Sue for coordinating food, and to
    [Carlton][CarltonGamer] and [Nancy][NancyAndrews] for agreeing to be presenters. We will be asking
    Friends in attendance to donate to help cover food costs.

Closed in silence at 12:48
