Finance Committee Minutes
=========================

November 8, 2011 at The Herman Group offices
--------------------------------------------

Present: [Sarah Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck) (clerk), [Ann
Daugherty](Friends/AnnDaugherty) (Bookkeeper) and [Lisa
Lister](/Friends/LisaLister) (Treasurer and Recorder).

We opened with silence.

Our Friends Journal subscription is due soon. We normally subscribe for
a two-year period, but their pricing has changed. Because of financial
struggles, they have a new tiered payment model, which, for a one-year
subscription is “True cost” (\$150), “Traditional” (\$45) and “Modest
Income” (\$25). We have \$78 budgeted in this budget year to pay for a
2-year subscription. What does the Meeting wish to do?

We need to know in order to subscribe now, and also for future budgeting
purposes. Although we discussed the idea of moving Business Meeting from
the second Sunday of the month to the third Sunday during the last
Business Meeting, we would like to re-introduce this idea again. Because
of the Ann’s work schedule, it difficult for her to prepare the cash
flow by the second Sunday of the month. This is a labor of love on the
part of our bookkeeper, and is an essential service to the meeting. We
will ask the Meeting to consider this possibility. Sarah has reached
clarity that she can no longer continue to help with the more complex
bookkeeping duties. Ann will continue preparing the cash flow report
(for which she was praised), but quarterly financial reports need the
attention of a financial professional. Sarah will continue as serve as
Finance Committee clerk. A line item has been added to the 2012 budget
in order to contract for accounting services. If anyone has suggestions
of someone who might be interested, please pass his or her name and
contact information to a member of the Finance Committee. This person
would need to be either an accountant or full-charge bookkeeper. We
reviewed the amount of the pledges received thus far and the tentative
2012 draft budget in preparation for Business Meeting. In addition, Ann
and Sarah reviewed this month’s cash flow report.

We closed in blissful silence.

In the Light,

[Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister)

Finance Committee Recorder
