Minutes  for Meeting for Worship for Business
=============================================
November 13, 2011
-----------------

In attendance: `Linda Seger`_, `Bill Werling`_, `Jeremy Nelson`_, 
`Lisa Lister`, `Joyce Doyle`_, `Genie Durland`_, `Bill Durland`_, 
`Ginger Morgan`_, `Sarah Callbeck`_, `Carlton Gamer`_ (clerk), 
`Molly Wingate`_ (recording clerk)

We opened at 11:20 with a John Woolman reading from 1772:
 
    There is a principal which is pure, placed in the human minds, which in 
    different places and ages hath had different names.  It is, however, pure 
    and proceeds from God.  It is deep and inward, confined to no forms of 
    religion, nor excluded from any, where the heart stands in perfect 
    sincerity.  In whomsoever this takes root and grows, of what nation 
    soever, they become brethren in the best sense of the 
    expression.

Followed by silence.

1. Approval of October Minutes – attached.  Accepted with thanks to 
   `Jeremy Nelson`_ for standing in for `Molly Wingate`_.

2. Cash Flow Report :  see Finance Committee report (e)

3. Committee Reports:
    a. **Finance Committee**

       1. A concern about Friends Journal subscription.  They have 
          raised their rate.  Conversation ensued about how we use the 
          resource. We decided that we will subscribe to Friends Journal
          for two years for $90, which will be $12 over budget.
          
       2. A concern about changing the schedule for business meeting so 
          that we can have the cash flow reports for business meeting. 
          Conversation ensued about shifting the meeting’s schedule.  
          We also discussed the issues involved in not having the most 
          accurate financial information at meeting for worship for 
          business. We decided to find out how the move would affect the
          `Adult Education`_ class and then decide at the next meeting 
          for business if we can move to the third Sunday starting in 
          January 2012.
          
       3. Sarah presented the need for the meeting to hire out 
          bookkeeper services.  We approved seeking out and paying for 
          a bookkeeper. 
          
       4. Draft budget discussion.  We have a few additional budget 
          lines this year for a bookkeeper and bank charges.  
          
          a. The bookkeeper charge is split between the general fund 
             (2/3) and building fund (1/3).  If there is a need to draw 
             more money out of the building fund to pay for the 
             bookkeeper, the meeting would like to leave that decision 
             to the Finance Committee without bringing it to business meeting.  
             
          b. Bank charges are a new line item to cover fees charged by 
             Paypal (3.4%) for donations that come in through our 
             website. The charges are split between the building and 
             general fund because the donations which accrue these 
             charges are split between the funds.
             
       5. The building fund was explained with few questions asked.

       6. The draft budget was accepted with gratitude and we look forward to 
          the final budget at the December meeting 2011.
   
       7. `Sarah`_ presented the September and October cash flow reports. These
          reports are attached.  The gist of the reports is that we can 
          close out the Wells Fargo accounts and do all of our business with
          ENT Credit Union.  
      
          The finance committee is considering setting up some other reserve
          accounts.  We are operating well.  
      
       8. `Sarah`_ presented the revenue and balance sheets for the third 
          quarter of 2011.   They are attached.  The reports were 
          accepted with gratitude.  

       9. `Linda`_ asked about what we do with extra money.  Sarah 
          explained that last year, the finance committee brought the 
          issue of the budget surplus to the meeting for business.  The 
          meeting decided to add to what we donate to other 
          organizations.  If we have another surplus, they would do the 
          same.
         
 
    b. **Nominating Committee**
       
       1. Approved `Molly Wingate`_ to serve on the Colorado Regional 
          Meeting’s Nominating Committee.
          
       2. Please note that `Bill Werling`_ is serving at the CRM 
          representative to the IMYM Committee on Suffering.
         
       3. Several positions for the meeting will be coming open in 
          January.  They include clerk, recording clerk, and others. 
          Please See `Genie Durland`_ or `Julie Roten-Valdez`_ if you 
          wish to volunteer. We hope to approve the new service 
          positions at the December meeting.  

          
    c. **Ministry and Oversight**

       Report on Clearness Committee re: transfer of `Jeremy Nelson`_'s 
       membership from `Salt Lake Meeting`_ to Colorado Springs. 
       Business meeting approved the transfer of membership.  December 
       potluck will be a welcome for `Jeremy Nelson`_.
       
       Ministry and Oversight is willing to expand their membership as 
       Friends are lead.  They invite anyone interested to contact `Linda`_,
       `Ginger`_, or `Martha`_.
        
       `Ginger`_ brought to our attention an observation that we are 
       uneven in our welcoming new attenders. We are urged to extend 
       ourselves a bit in welcoming new folks. We had a discussion of 
       how we may order our closing of meeting so that new people have a
       chance to introduce themselves. `Ginger`_ pointed out that the 
       informal welcoming is what provoked the observation. `Carlton`_ 
       and `Lisa`_ suggested that we shake hands at the break of meeting. 
       We asked `ministry and oversight`_ talk about the breaking of 
       meeting and bring us suggestions. 
       
       `M & O`_ will follow up with Pueblo friends to see if we can be 
       of service to them.
       
       They will also follow up with regular attenders as they make 
       their annual calls to see how everyone is doing. 
       
       `Ginger`_ announced that she is willing to clerk a debrief of the 
       lessons learned when trying to buy the building at 15 S. Wahsatch. 
       
    d. **Education Committee** 
    
       A regular rotation of adults is needed to teach `First Day School`_.  
       There are more Sundays than there are teachers at this point, so 
       please consider teaching a lesson a month or at least 
       supervising “Game Day” on the second Sunday of the month. Please 
       contact `Molly Wingate`_ or `John Gallagher`_.
       
    e. **Meeting Home**
    
       We had a discussion about having a discussion of lessons learned 
       from our process of trying to buy 15 S. Wahsatch.  The suggestion
       was for `Ministry and Oversight`_ to lead the discussion.  
       `Ginger Morgan`_ offered to clerk it. She suggested that we pick 
       a time after meeting or an off time.  She will send out a 
       scheduler to find a time for us to meet.

    f. **Library**

       No report.
 
4. Old business

    a. Friends expressed interest in a discussion group about a book 
       offered by FGC The Wisdom to Know the Difference by Eileen Flanagan.  
       `Molly`_ will order books and schedule a discussion time in 
       January.  Please contact her so she can order enough books. Those
       interested will contact `Molly`_.
       
    b. `Molly`_ will have queries from the IMYM documents concerning the 
       IMYM Task Group Recommendations and FCNL representation ready in time
       for the December Potluck.

    c. Hospitality time after meeting and 1st Sunday potlucks remain 
       Friendly times of fellowship. 
       
    d. We returned to the question of the Sheii Koeii Quaker 
       Farming Community near Gardner, CO and how we can support them. 
       `Genie`_ suggested that the question is really for Mountain View to 
       decide and then ask us. `Bill`_ and `Genie`_ are not in a 
       position to be the liaison to this group on a regular basis.
        
       There are several questions about the nature the group and their 
       request which `Bill`_ suggested that Mountain View should take 
       up.  `Genie`_ is happy to share the contact information for 
       Friends to visit the group.  Meeting agreed.
       
    e. We returned to the Joint Statement on Palestine from AFSC, QUONW 
       and FCNL that was brought to Friend’s attention last month.  `Bill`_ 
       clarified that this statement is not for our approval but for our
       information.  `Bill`_ discussed the issues of politics and 
       spirituality in Quakers.  We discussed an interest in having a 
       soup and sharing on the topic of politics and religion.  


5. New Business

    a. Our noisy neighbors.  The bar next door has begun opening at 10 
       AM on Sundays.  We have had only friendly contacts with employees
       and managers in an effort to reduce the level of the music during
       Meeting for Worship.  All requests have been honored.  `Molly`_ 
       spoke to the manager during the week and explained our needs, 
       and meeting was quiet on Sunday.
       
    b. `Carlton`_ and `Ginger`_ are looking into the possibility of our 
       moving on to Colorado College’s campus, if we need or want to. We
       discussed the pros and cons.
        
    c. `Sarah`_ reported that `Jeremy`_ has begun to look at the Meeting’s
       website and he and Sarah will have some questions for the 
       Meeting next month.

    d. `Sarah`_ also presented `Carlton`_ with the letter to send to Wells 
       Fargo explaining that we are  closing our accounts because of our 
       beliefs.
   

We closed at 2PM in silence.

Presented in the Light,

`Molly Wingate`_

Recording Clerk.

.. _`Nancy Andrew`: /Friends/NancyAndrew/
.. _`Barbara Bowen`: /Friends/BarbaraBowen/
.. _`Ann Daugherty`: /Friends/AnnDaugherty/
.. _`Bill`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Bill Durland`: /Friends/BillDurland/
.. _`Genie`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Genie Durland`: /Friends/GenieDurland/
.. _`Joyce Doyle`: /Friends/JoyceDoyle/
.. _`Sarah`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`Sarah Callbeck`: /Friends/SarahCallbeck/
.. _`John`: /Friends/JohnGallagher
.. _`John Gallagher`: /Friends/JohnGallagher
.. _`Carlton`: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Carlton Gamer`: /Friends/CarltonGamer/
.. _`Lisa`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Lisa Lister`: /Friends/LisaLister/
.. _`Jeremy`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`Jeremy Nelson`: /Friends/JeremyNelson/
.. _`Ginger`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Ginger Morgan`: /Friends/GingerMorgan/
.. _`Tup`: /Friends/TupRoberts/
.. _`Julie Roten-Valdez`: /Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/
.. _`Linda`: /Friends/LindaSeger/
.. _`Linda Seger`: /Friends/LindaSeger/
.. _`Bill Werling`: /Friends/BillWerling
.. _`Martha`: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _`Martha Lutz`: /Friends/MarthaLutz/
.. _`Molly`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`Molly Wingate`: /Friends/MollyWingate/
.. _`December Minutes`: /meetings/Business/2011/12/10/Minutes
.. _`minutes`: /minutes/2012/01/special
.. _`Adult Education`: /committees/REA
.. _`Colorado Regional Meeting`: /ColoradoRegionalMeeting/
.. _`First Day School`: /committees/Education
.. _`Education Committee`: /committees/Education
.. _`Friend`: /history/ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Friends Church`: /locations/FriendsChurch
.. _`finance Committee`: /committees/Finance/
.. _`Finance Committee`: /committees/Finance/
.. _`Hicksite Friends`: /history/Hicksite
.. _`Intermountain Yearly Meeting`: /imym/
.. _`IMYM Continuing Committee`: /imym/committees/Continuing
.. _`Library`: /Library
.. _`Meeting Home`: /committees/MeetingHome
.. _`Ministry and Oversight`: /committees/MinistryAndOversight/
.. _`M&O`: /committees/MinistryAndOversight/
.. _`M & O`: /committees/MinistryAndOversight/
.. _`Quaker`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Quakers`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Quakerism`: /ReligiousSocietyOfFriends
.. _`Nominating Committee`: /committees/Nominating/
.. _`Salt Lake Meeting`: http://www.saltlakequakers.org/
.. _`Sweet, Sweet Spirit`: 
.. _`REA`: /committees/REA
.. _`Religious Education and Action`: /committees/rea
