Date: 2011-11-13T11:20:48

Minutes for Meeting for Worship for Business
============================================

November 13, 2011
-----------------

In attendance: [Linda Seger](/Friends/LindaSeger/), [Bill
Werling](/Friends/BillWerling), [Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/),
Lisa Lister, [Joyce Doyle](/Friends/JoyceDoyle/), [Genie
Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/), [Bill Durland](/Friends/BillDurland/),
[Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/), [Sarah
Callbeck](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/), [Carlton
Gamer](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) (clerk), [Molly
Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) (recording clerk)

We opened at 11:20 with a John Woolman reading from 1772:

    There is a principal which is pure, placed in the human minds, which
    in different places and ages hath had different names. It is, however,
    pure and proceeds from God. It is deep and inward, confined to no
    forms of religion, nor excluded from any, where the heart stands in
    perfect sincerity. In whomsoever this takes root and grows, of what
    nation soever, they become brethren in the best sense of the
    expression.

Followed by silence.

1.  Approval of October Minutes - attached. Accepted with thanks to
    [Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) for standing in for [Molly
    Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/).

2.  Cash Flow Report : see Finance Committee report (e)

3.  Committee Reports:
    a.  **Finance Committee**

        1.  A concern about Friends Journal subscription. They have
            raised their rate. Conversation ensued about how we use
            the resource. We decided that we will subscribe to
            Friends Journal for two years for \$90, which will be
            \$12 over budget.

        2.  A concern about changing the schedule for business
            meeting so that we can have the cash flow reports for
            business meeting. Conversation ensued about shifting the
            meeting's schedule. We also discussed the issues
            involved in not having the most accurate financial
            information at meeting for worship for business. We
            decided to find out how the move would affect the [Adult
            Education](/committees/REA) class and then decide at the
            next meeting for business if we can move to the third
            Sunday starting in January 2012.

        3.  Sarah presented the need for the meeting to hire out
            bookkeeper services. We approved seeking out and paying
            for a bookkeeper.

        4.  Draft budget discussion. We have a few additional budget
            lines this year for a bookkeeper and bank charges.

            a.  The bookkeeper charge is split between the general
                fund (2/3) and building fund (1/3). If there is a
                need to draw more money out of the building fund to
                pay for the bookkeeper, the meeting would like to
                leave that decision to the Finance Committee without
                bringing it to business meeting.

            b.  Bank charges are a new line item to cover fees
                charged by Paypal (3.4%) for donations that come in
                through our website. The charges are split between
                the building and general fund because the donations
                which accrue these charges are split between the
                funds.

        5.  The building fund was explained with few questions
            asked.

        6.  The draft budget was accepted with gratitude and we look
            forward to the final budget at the December meeting
            2011.

        7.  [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) presented the September
            and October cash flow reports. These reports are
            attached. The gist of the reports is that we can close
            out the Wells Fargo accounts and do all of our business
            with ENT Credit Union.

            The finance committee is considering setting up some
            other reserve accounts. We are operating well.

        8.  [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) presented the revenue
            and balance sheets for the third quarter of 2011. They
            are attached. The reports were accepted with gratitude.

        9.  [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/) asked about what we do
            with extra money. Sarah explained that last year, the
            finance committee brought the issue of the budget
            surplus to the meeting for business. The meeting decided
            to add to what we donate to other organizations. If we
            have another surplus, they would do the same.

    b.  **Nominating Committee**

        1.  Approved [Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) to
            serve on the Colorado Regional Meeting's Nominating
            Committee.

        2.  Please note that [Bill Werling](/Friends/BillWerling) is
            serving at the CRM representative to the IMYM Committee
            on Suffering.

        3.  Several positions for the meeting will be coming open in
            January. They include clerk, recording clerk, and
            others. Please See [Genie
            Durland](/Friends/GenieDurland/) or [Julie
            Roten-Valdez](/Friends/JulieRoten-Valdez/) if you wish
            to volunteer. We hope to approve the new service
            positions at the December meeting.

    c.  **Ministry and Oversight**

        Report on Clearness Committee re: transfer of [Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/)'s 
		membership from [Salt Lake Meeting](http://www.saltlakequakers.org/) to Colorado
        Springs. Business meeting approved the transfer of
        membership. December potluck will be a welcome for [Jeremy Nelson](/Friends/JeremyNelson/).

        Ministry and Oversight is willing to expand their membership
        as Friends are lead. They invite anyone interested to
        contact [Linda](/Friends/LindaSeger/),
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/), or
        [Martha](/Friends/MarthaLutz/).

        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) brought to our attention an
        observation that we are uneven in our welcoming new
        attenders. We are urged to extend ourselves a bit in
        welcoming new folks. We had a discussion of how we may order
        our closing of meeting so that new people have a chance to
        introduce themselves. [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/)
        pointed out that the informal welcoming is what provoked the
        observation. [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) and
        Lisa](/Friends/LisaLister/) suggested that we shake hands
        at the break of meeting. We asked [ministry and
        oversight](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) talk about the
        breaking of meeting and bring us suggestions.

        [M & O](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) will follow up
        with Pueblo friends to see if we can be of service to them.

        They will also follow up with regular attenders as they make
        their annual calls to see how everyone is doing.

        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) announced that she is
        willing to clerk a debrief of the lessons learned when
        trying to buy the building at 15 S. Wahsatch.

    d.  **Education Committee**

        A regular rotation of adults is needed to teach [First Day
        School](/committees/Education). There are more Sundays than
        there are teachers at this point, so please consider
        teaching a lesson a month or at least supervising "Game Day"
        on the second Sunday of the month. Please contact [Molly
        Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/) or [John
        Gallagher](/Friends/JohnGallagher).

    e.  **Meeting Home**

        We had a discussion about having a discussion of lessons
        learned from our process of trying to buy 15 S. Wahsatch.
        The suggestion was for [Ministry and
        Oversight](/committees/MinistryAndOversight/) to lead the
        discussion. [Ginger Morgan](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) offered
        to clerk it. She suggested that we pick a time after meeting
        or an off time. She will send out a scheduler to find a time
        for us to meet.

    f.  **Library**

        No report.

4.  Old business

    a.  Friends expressed interest in a discussion group about a book
        offered by FGC The Wisdom to Know the Difference by Eileen
        Flanagan. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) will order books and
        schedule a discussion time in January. Please contact her so
        she can order enough books. Those interested will contact
        [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/).
    
    b.  [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) will have queries from the
        IMYM documents concerning the IMYM Task Group Recommendations
        and FCNL representation ready in time for the December
        Potluck.
    
    c.  Hospitality time after meeting and 1st Sunday potlucks remain
        Friendly times of fellowship.
    
    d.  We returned to the question of the Sheii Koeii Quaker Farming
        Community near Gardner, CO and how we can support them.
        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) suggested that the question is
        really for Mountain View to decide and then ask us.
        [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) and
        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) are not in a position to be
        the liaison to this group on a regular basis.
    
        There are several questions about the nature the group and
        their request which [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) suggested
        that Mountain View should take up.
        [Genie](/Friends/GenieDurland/) is happy to share the contact
        information for Friends to visit the group. Meeting agreed.
    
    e.  We returned to the Joint Statement on Palestine from AFSC,
        QUONW and FCNL that was brought to Friend's attention last
        month. [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) clarified that this
        statement is not for our approval but for our information.
        [Bill](/Friends/BillDurland/) discussed the issues of politics
        and spirituality in Quakers. We discussed an interest in
        having a soup and sharing on the topic of politics and
        religion.
    
5.  New Business

    a.  Our noisy neighbors. The bar next door has begun opening at 10
        AM on Sundays. We have had only friendly contacts with
        employees and managers in an effort to reduce the level of the
        music during Meeting for Worship. All requests have been
        honored. [Molly](/Friends/MollyWingate/) spoke to the manager
        during the week and explained our needs, and meeting was quiet
        on Sunday.
  
    b.  [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) and
        [Ginger](/Friends/GingerMorgan/) are looking into the
        possibility of our moving on to Colorado College's campus, if
         we need or want to. We discussed the pros and cons.
    
    c.  [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) reported that
        [Jeremy](/Friends/JeremyNelson/) has begun to look at the
        Meeting's website and he and Sarah will have some questions
        for the Meeting next month.
    
    d.  [Sarah](/Friends/SarahCallbeck/) also presented
        [Carlton](/Friends/CarltonGamer/) with the letter to send to
        Wells Fargo explaining that we are closing our accounts
        because of our beliefs.
    
We closed at 2PM in silence.

Presented in the Light,

[Molly Wingate](/Friends/MollyWingate/)

Recording Clerk.
