Date: 2013-09-15T11:34:00

[AnnDaughtery]: /Friends/AnnDaughtery
[BarbaraBollen]: /Friends/BarbaraBollen
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CalliopeGallagher]: /Friends/CalliopeGallagher
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JonathanMcPhee]: /Friends/JonathanMcPhee
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[NancyAndrew]: /Friends/NancyAndrew
[QueztalGallagher]: /Friends/QueztalGallagher
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck

# Minutes for Meeting for Worship with a Concern for Business
## Colorado Springs Quaker Meeting

September 15th, 2013

Present: [Genie Durland][GenieDurland], [Barbara Bollen][BarbaraBollen], 
[Molly Wingate][MollyWingate], [Bill Durland][BillDurland], [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson] 
[Ann Daughtery][AnnDaughtery], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck], [Nancy Andrew][NancyAndrew]


Meeting started at 11:34

1.  Silence followed by a reading. 

2.  Consideration of August Minutes

3.  Clerk's Report:  I celebrate the new xeriscape landscaping and the return of 
    [Jonathan McPhee][JonathanMcPhee] to help us with that and also the flood.

4.  Committee Reports:

    1.  *Finance Committee*: Cash Flow Report and other financial reports
        Went over the cash flow report as submitted by the committee. Furnace is working 
        but needs to be worked. 
                                                     
        Review of Minutes from Committee Meeting, whatever money that comes from the 
        assessments will be set aside and not added to the general funds. 

        Report accepted with gratitude. 

    1.  *Ministry and Oversight* Committee: Review of Minutes from Committee Meeting
        No members of the committee were present, [Molly][MollyWingate], encouraging them 
        to reduce the size of the committee. [Genie][GenieDurland] brought up 
        that nomination committee needs volunteers. 

    1.  *First Day School*: no report

    1.  *Adult Education and Action Committee*:

        This fall's Adult Religious Education was laid down. It was scheduled to start on 
        September 23rd and was to discuss modern Quakerism.  Only two people 
        confirmed they wanted to attend. [Bill][BillDurland] talked that instead of 
        doing an eighth month session that the meeting can have a  
        special presentations while having a speakers bureau including thinking about another show and 
        tell in October or November.
 
        [Nancy][NancyAndrew], [Bill][BillDurland], and [Genie][GenieDurland] talked about a new structure that fits better with
        our Meeting's current circumstance and with the new committee. We do have 
        the occasional book group and Molly likes the idea of holding special topic meetings.
        Ad hoc committee will report at the next Business meeting.

        The occasional book group will read Margaret Bacon's The Back Bench.  
        Let [Molly][MollyWingate] know if you want a copy.  The hope is for an 
        inter-generational discussion some evening with snacks.

        Bill Durland agreed to clerk new Peace and Social Concerns. 

    1.  *Nominating Committee*:

        Meeting members should be aware that as of January, our Meeting 
        will need a new Clerk and a new Recording Clerk. These are two 
        very important jobs and need to be thoughtfully and prayerfully 
        filled. We are such a small meeting that it seems that this kind of 
        most important service is rotated among just a few dedicated Friends. 
        Nominating Committee has no strong leading at this time, to approach 
        any particular member or attender about his or her interest or calling 
        to fill one of these posts. Therefore we are posting this notice on the 
        bulletin board and asking recording clerk to circulate it as a reminder 
        throughout the meeting each month between now and December.
 
        [Nancy Andrew][NancyAndrew] is the new Librarian.

        [Genie Durland][GenieDurland] is Meeting representative to 
        Representative Committee
 
        In addition to the posts named above, Yearly Meeting is continuing to 
        ask us to appoint someone to IMYM Nominating Committee
 
    1.  *Library*: 

        This is the perfect collection about a computer for the Meeting to catalog
        meeting with Library Thing, many small churches and organizations use 
        Library Thing. [Bill Werling][BillWerling] offered to build bookcases with 
        an reclaimed with wood. [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] said that we have approximately $15.00 for 
        purchasing of new books. 

        Library report accepted with gratitude. 

    1.  *Meetinghouse Committee*:  review report

        Meeting is very appreciative of Lisa and Phil's work with Nancy on adding the new landscaping plants
        and other work done in front of the meeting house. 

        We are going have the furnace checked after the next October 9th. Cleaning Sunday identified 
        the corner with the $770.00 for new projects. [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] asked about the amount, the plan is the 
        to refinance before the balloon payment is due in 2017. [Molly][MollyWingate]'s larger plan is refinance with 
        more money to build the addition in a combined mortgage-construction loan. FGC is a 15 year mortgage. 
        
        We do need more solid numbers for the costs of the addition knowing that could change in a few years.

        Report accepted with gratitude.

5.  Old Business:

    1.  Landscaping project continuation.  What else do we need? [Molly][MollyWingate] is interested to dropping 
        her land-line phone and maybe transferring the number to the meeting. 
                
6.  New Business:

    Jonathan discovered that the basement flooded with the source of the leak unknown. He requested
    that he would need help moving the furniture which was accomplished after Meeting of Worship.

    A minute from Boulder Meeting on Syria for us to consider:

    On September 8th, 2013, the Boulder Meeting of the Religious Society
    of Friends (Quakers) approved the following minute:

        "As Quakers, we oppose any military action throughout the world and at 
        this time, we wish to emphasize our opposition to US military action 
        in Syria. 

        Military action by the US and other foreign countries will not stop the 
        killing in Syria or bring those responsible for the use of chemical 
        weapons to justice.

        Only international organizations such as the United Nations and the 
        International Criminal Court are likely to be effective in establishing
        a negotiated peace agreement in Syria.

        Diplomatic engagement with all regional stakeholders is what is called 
        for right now. We support the current diplomatic efforts to
        remove chemical weapons and cessation of their manufacture.  
 
        We encourage the US and other nations to commit their resources to 
        relieve the suffering of the millions of refugees who have found it 
        necessary to flee their homes in Syria"
 
    We are sending this minute to President Obama, Colorado Senators Bennett 
    and Udall, and our congressman, and also urge them to eschew military action
    in Syria, and instead to support diplomatic efforts toward peace. We are 
    also sending the minute to the Boulder Daily Camera and Denver Post. These 
    letters to the editor include the line 
    
        "For further information, please contact the Friends Committee for 
        National Legislation at http://fcnl.org."

    [Bill Durland][BillDurland] and [Genie Durland][GenieDurland] expressed their 
    support for the minute as it is balanced. [Jeremy][JeremyNelson] mentioned that the current 
    peace process with the agreement being Russia and the United States be also included in the 
    minute.
                      
7.  Announcements:

    Colorado Regional Meeting at YMCA of the Rockies, October 18-20.  
    Registration deadline was September 13 (Friday).
    
    October 6th for potluck we will have a program about the Summer of Quaking 
    by [Calliope][CalliopeGallagher] and [Queztal Gallagher][QueztalGallagher].  They will talk about the various Quaker 
    programs they participated in and what they gained, thanks in part to the 
    Meeting's support.

    Please put events at the meetinghouse on the paper calendar on the bulletin
    board and let [Molly Wingate][MollyWingate] and [Bill Werling][BillWerling] 
    know.  [Molly][MollyWingate] will get the word 
    out, and Bill is the calendar keeper for now.  He is looking into using Google Calendar.
    If you are part of a group or know of a group who would like to use the meeting house, 
    please have them contact [Bill Werling][BillWerling] at william.werling@gmail.com.

    [Ann][AnnDaughtery] expressed her gratitude of our current type of government. 
    
    
Meeting closed with silence at 12:23pm.

Respectfully submitted in the light,

[Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson]

Recording Clerk 
