Title: Fourth Month Meeting for Worship for Business Minutes
Author: Jeremy Nelson
Date: 2013-04-21T11:26:00

## Fourth Month Meeting for Worship for Business Minutes

Present: [Carlton Gamer][CarltonGamer], [Bill Durland][BillDurland] (acting clerk), 
[Deneen Crandell][DeneenCrandell], [Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson], [Ann Daughtery][AnnDaugherty],
[Genie Durland][GenieDurland], [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck]

Meeting began at 11:29 am with a silence.

1. Approval of March  Minutes - approved with corrections. 

2. Cash Flow Reports

3. Clerk's report:

      Friends, we have a cash flow problem. We have an average monthly need of 
      $1170 and an average monthly income of $703. In reserve, we have 6 months 
      of expenses related to the building, and just about 4 months of expenses 
      related to the work of the meeting. Our goal is to keep 6 months reserve 
      on hand at all times. We also have about $500 that is designated 
      specifically for building projects and $500 designated for emergencies as 
      determined by Ministry and Oversight. The upshot is that we have money in 
      the bank, but we are depleting our reserves. Many thanks to Finance 
      Committee for keeping us fiscally aware.

      Upon [Molly][MollyWingate]'s request, [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] created a graph 
      to illustrate the current cash flow reports and passed it around to Friends
      at the meeting. [Bill][BillDurland] asked about the ratio of reserves? 
      [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] talked about
      having a six months reserves. Recording Clerk will include the graph in the 
      minutes and send the graph.  

4. Committee Reports:
   
   a. Finance Committee - report attached

      [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] reviewed the Finance Committee Minutes. Our 
      religious exemption application with the state is still pending and 
      property tax has not been paid as per statute.
       
      Electrical fans including installation ofthree fans and we are awaiting a 
      quote from Fountain Valley Electrical.

      The Meeting's cash flow problem was explained by [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] 
      with her highlighting the average monthly of shortfall
      of $467, given average monthly costs of $1170 with average donations of 
      $703. 

      [Bill][BillDurland] commended [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] for her hard work 
      on the improved understanding of the financial status of the Meeting.

      [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] will do a full presentation in July on the six month financial 
      statements. 

      [Carlton][CarltonGamer] asked about a letter about this problem and 
      that a letter be send out to Friends who may not attend Business Meeting.
      It was suggested that we send a letter with information about the cash flow
      shortfall and asking members and attenders, including those who have pledged, 
      to consider whether they can increase their contribution. 
      [Ann][AnnDaugherty] mentioned that [Molly][MollyWingate] is working on a
      draft and will work with the Finance Committee on this letter. 

      Report accepted with gratitude.     
    
      1. Ad hoc Fund Raising Committee - We have raised $850 (and bought chairs).

   b. Nominating Committee Apologize if this is a duplicate. Nothing to report 
      from the committee other than we are still looking for a permanent calendar 
      keeper or steward. Nominating Committee need to send out general request that
      we need individuals to think about what we need and come forward to volunteer.

   c. Ministry and Oversight -  report attached
      [Bill][BillDurland] asked if we can approve the report, part of the State 
      of the Meeting, report will go out after the M&O meeting. 
      
      [Sarah][SarahCallbeck] asked if the M&O is working on the census, 
      [Bill][BillDurland] will talk 
      with [Ann Martin][AnnMartin] about the census. 

   d. First Day School Committee - 
      The children and their parents are coming back to meeting. It would be 
      wonderful if the adults responded by making them welcome during worship 
      and afterward.  [John Gallagher][JohnGallagher] will be happy to help you 
      get situated as a First Day School teacher.  Thanks to [Ann Martin][AnnMartin] 
      and [Bill Werling][BillWerling] for volunteering to teach 1st Sundays each 
      month.  [Molly][MollyWingate] will teach 4th Sundays. 
      [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty] has volunteered for 3rd week.  We need two or three 
      more adults willing to be with the children for 5th weeks and as needed. 
      BTW, there is a playground 2 blocks away.

   e. Religious Adult Education and Action Committee - Will have last meeting in May
      [Daniel][DanielKidney] will talk about stewardship and 
      [Carlton][CarltonGamer] will summarize the testimonies.
      Report accepted by the Meeting.

   f. Meeting Home - report attached
      Thank [Daniel][DanielKidney], [Aiden][AidenMurphy], and John Gall for 
      fixing the fence and Daniel for donating the materials for the fence.

      $350 each for ceiling fans, fans should be installed before the insulation. Currently
      $750 reserved. $275 for dimming lights in the Meeting House. 
      [Ann][AnnDaugherty] will send the quote to [Sarah][SarahCallbeck]
      and [Jeremy][JeremyNelson]. The Meeting needs to prioritize the list of 
      the projects including staining the new fence and need screens for the 
      windows.  
      
      Report accepted and Friends thank [Ann][AnnDaugherty] for her work.

   g. Library Report - no report 

5. Old business

   a. Panel on Historic Peace Churches - [Bill Durland][BillDurland] has 
      arranged a panel of speakers for April 23rd from 7-9pm. [Bill][BillDurland] 
      will give an introduction and talk about the Church of the Brethren. 
           
   b. La Puente in Alamosa.  913 State Avenue. For more information, call 
      719-589-5909.  [Ann Daugherty][AnnDaugherty] agreed to follow up. [Ann]
      will be meeting her dentist about donation. La Puente needs donation for 
      hygiene. 

6.  New Business

    a. Colorado Springs will be the host of the Spring Gathering of Colorado 
       Regional Meeting April 28th, 2013.  [John Gallagher][JohnGallagher] will 
       take care of the program for the children.  [Sarah Callbeck][SarahCallbeck] 
       agreed to make sure we have enough supplies for serving and eating a meal. 

       We need one more person to help with hospitality/overseeing the food. 

       We need volunteers to clean up the meeting house this week before the gathering.
       Asked about the time, possible the day before on April 27th, 2013 at 10-2pm 

       Recording clerk will send out email with details.  
 

7. Announcements

   a. [Molly][MollyWingate] and Marty will be giving a presentation

   b. IMYM gathering 9th-16th

   c. FGC 

   d. Nominating Coordinators for junior 

[Bill][BillDurland] talked about the increase of violence in our society this past week,
Friends we need to hold Friends efforts in silence to our efforts to reduce
this through our Friends.  

Business meeting closed in silence at 12:25 p.m. 

Respectively submitted in the light,

[Jeremy Nelson][JeremyNelson]

Recording Clerk

[AidenMurphy]: /Friends/AidenMurphy
[AnnDaugherty]: /Friends/AnnDaugherty
[AnnMartin]: /Friends/AnnMartin
[BillDurland]: /Friends/BillDurland
[BillWerling]: /Friends/BillWerling
[CarltonGamer]: /Friends/CarltonGamer
[DanielKidney]: /Friends/DanielKidney
[DeneenCrandell]: /Friends/DeneenCrandell
[GenieDurland]: /Friends/GenieDurland
[JeremyNelson]: /Friends/JeremyNelson
[JohnGallagher]: /Friends/JohnGallagher
[MollyWingate]: /Friends/MollyWingate
[SarahCallbeck]: /Friends/SarahCallbeck
